-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: keymaster@town.hall.org
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFkwCgYEVQgBAQICAgADSwAwSAJBALeWW4xDV4i7+b6+UyPn5RtObb1cJ7VkACDq
 pKb9/DClgTKIm08lCfoilvi9Wl4SODbR1+1waHhiGmeZO8OdgLUCAwEAAQ==
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 UymHQFIo4KzoXYah8s9/ykuEyvygmOrHyD28wXZRlQo6mcXC+VEatXG3UISZCDzY
 9dntHq73bNHtbkzw7cOFPA==

<IMS-DOCUMENT>0000320193-94-000016.txt : 19941214
<IMS-HEADER>0000320193-94-000016.hdr.sgml : 19941214
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000320193-94-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19940930
FILED AS OF DATE:		19941213
SROS:			NASD

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			APPLE COMPUTER INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000320193
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPUTERS [3571]
		IRS NUMBER:				942404110
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0930

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-10030
		FILM NUMBER:		94564347

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20525 MARIANI AVE
		CITY:			CUPERTINO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95014
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4089961010
</IMS-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>

                                        
    _________________________________________________________________________
                           ___________________________
                                        
                                  UNITED STATES
                       SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                             Washington, D. C. 20549
                                    Form 10-K
          (Mark One)
          [X]  ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE
               SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
          For the fiscal year ended September 30, 1994  OR
          [   ]     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF
               THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
             For the transition period from __________ to __________
                                        
                         Commission file number 0-10030

                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
             (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter)
                                        
            CALIFORNIA                         94-2404110 
    [State or other jurisdiction    [I.R.S. Employer Identification No.]
        of incorporation or                
         organization]                     

            1 Infinite Loop                           
          Cupertino  California                    95014
  [Address of principal executive offices]       [Zip Code]
 
                                        
       Registrant's telephone number, including area code: (408) 996-1010
                                        
        Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None
                                        
           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                           Common Stock, no par value
                          Common Share Purchase Rights
                               (Titles of classes)
                                        
Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period
that the Registrant was required to file such reports),  and (2) has been
subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

                        Yes  [X]  No   [   ]

                                        
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to
Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will not be
contained, to the best of the Registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy
or information  statements incorporated by reference to Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.  [   ]

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates of the
Registrant was approximately $ 4,193,708,403 as of December 2, 1994, based
upon the closing price on the Nasdaq National Market reported for such
date.  Shares of Common Stock held by each executive officer and director
and by each person who beneficially owns more than 5% of the outstanding
Common Stock have been excluded in that such persons may under certain
circumstances be deemed to be affiliates.  This determination of
executive officer or affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive
determination for other purposes.
                                        
    119,891,418 shares of Common Stock Issued and Outstanding as of 
                        December 2, 1994

                      DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE,
Portions of the definitive Proxy Statement dated December 9, 1994 (the
"Proxy Statement"), to be delivered to shareholders in connection with
the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held January 24, 1995, are
incorporated by reference into Parts I and III.

 <PAGE>
                                        
                                     PART I

Item 1. Business

General

Apple Computer, Inc. ("Apple" or the "Company") was incorporated under  the
laws  of  the  State  of  California on January  3,  1977.   The  Company's
principal executive offices are located at 1 Infinite Loop, Cupertino,
California, 95014 and its telephone number is (408) 996-1010.

The Company designs, manufactures and markets microprocessor-based personal
computers  and  related personal computing products for sale  primarily  to
business, education, home, and government customers.  Substantially all  of
the Company's net sales to date have been derived from the sale of personal
computers  from its Apple Macintosh line of computers and related  software
and  peripherals.   The Company operates in one principal industry  segment
across geographically diverse marketplaces.

Apple  delivers a full range of information solutions  to people in a wide 
variety of growing markets.  The Company's strategy is  to maintain  and  
expand  its market share in the personal  computer  industry while  
developing  and  expanding  new  related  businesses,  such  as  its
businesses  in  on-line  services, licensing of the Macintosh operating  
system, client/server  systems  and  personal  interactive  electronics.

Historically, the Company's principal products were built using the Motorola
68000  series  of  Complex Instruction Set Computing (CISC) microprocessors.
However,  computer  manufacturers  are  beginning  to  move  from   a   CISC
architecture  to  a  Reduced Instruction Set Computing (RISC)  architecture.
Accordingly,  during 1994, the Company began a major product transition  and
introduced  a  new  line  of  Macintosh  computers  based  on  the PowerPC 
(registered trademark) architecture,  a  new  RISC  microprocessor  jointly
developed  by   Apple, International  Business Machines Corporation (IBM) 
and Motorola,  Inc.   The Company  believes  that these PowerPC based 
products will yield  significant improvements in price/performance and 
functionality compared with  its  CISC-based  products.  Further information
regarding this product transition  may be found in Part II, Item 7 of this 
Annual Report on Form 10-K (the "Form 10-K")  under  the subheading "Product
Introductions and Transitions"  included under  the  heading  "Factors That 
May Affect Future Results  and  Financial Condition", which information is 
hereby incorporated by reference.
 
Principal products

The Company offers a wide range of personal computing products, including
personal  computers, related peripherals, software,  and  networking  and
connectivity products.

Personal Computing Products

Apple  Macintosh (registered trademark) personal computers were first 
introduced in 1984,  and are characterized by their intuitive ease of use, 
innovative applications base, and built-in networking, graphics and 
multimedia capabilities.

Currently, the Company uses two types of microprocessors in its  line  of
personal  computing  products.  Products  based  on  the  new  RISC-based
microprocessors  includes the Power Macintosh(TM) family and  the  Macintosh
Performa (registered trademark)  6100  series  of  personal computers.  
Products  based  on  the Motorola  series of microprocessors include the 
Macintosh  LC,  Macintosh Performa,  Macintosh Quadra (registered trademark), 
and the PowerBook (registered trademark) families of  computers.
Generally,  products based on the Motorola series of microprocessors  can
also be upgraded to take advantage of the PowerPC processor.

Power Macintosh

The  Power  Macintosh family of personal computers  is  the  first  Apple
computer to use PowerPC, a new RISC-based microprocessor developed by Apple, 
IBM, and Motorola, Inc.  This new high-performance  family  of personal 
computers is targeted  at  business  and professional  users  and  is 
designed to meet the  speed,  expansion

                                    2
<PAGE>

and networking  needs  of  the most demanding Macintosh  user.   These  
Power Macintosh  products  not  only support virtually all  existing  
Macintosh applications, but can also run MS-DOS and Windows applications 
when using SoftWindows software from Insignia Solutions.

Macintosh LC

The   LC  family  of  personal  computers  offers  high  performance  and
competitive prices in a flexible, modular design.  LC personal  computers
are  well-suited for education and business applications  such  as graphics,
color presentations and spreadsheets.  LC products are also capable of  
running the  Apple  IIe applications that a large number of primary and 
secondary schools have acquired over the years.

Macintosh Performa

The Performa family of personal computers is designed to appeal to first-
time  personal  computer  users.  These products feature  all-in-one  box
computing  solutions, including software and hardware chosen specifically
with  home users in mind.  Performa products also include in-home service
and unlimited toll-free telephone support.

Macintosh Quadra

The  Quadra  family  of  personal computers includes  the  most  powerful
desktop  products in the Macintosh line which uses the  68000  series  of
microprocessors. Quadra personal computers are targeted at  business  and
professional users, and  include a wide variety of built-in features that
make them well-suited for activities such as color publishing, multi-user
accounting, three-dimensional modeling, computer-aided design (CAD),  and
computer-aided engineering (CAE).

Macintosh PowerBook

The PowerBook family of notebook-sized personal computers is specifically
designed  for  mobile computing needs.  All PowerBook personal  computers
include the capability to connect to Macintosh desktop personal computers
and AppleTalk (registered trademark) networks and, therefore, to access 
files and services that are  located  remotely;  they  also  offer  the  
capability  to  transmit facsimiles.

Peripheral Products

The  Company  offers  a  full  line of associated  computer  peripherals,
including   the   ImageWriter (registered trademark),  StyleWriter 
(registered trademark),  Color   StyleWriter  and LaserWriter (registered 
trademark) printer families, the AppleCD 150, 300, 300e Plus and 300i  Plus,
the  PowerCD, disk drives, the Apple OneScanner(TM) family of scanners and a
range of color and monochrome monitors.

Personal Digital-Assistant Products

The  Newton (registered trademark)  MessagePad(TM) 110 communications 
assistant integrates  Newton technology  in  a  hand-held  communications  
device  that  intelligently assists the user in capturing, organizing and 
communicating information.

Operating System Software and Application Software

The  Company's  operating  system  software,  including  its  proprietary
Macintosh system software called Mac(TM)OS, and A/UX (registered trademark),
a version of the AT&T UNIX (registered trademark)  operating  system that 
includes some of the  Mac(TM)OS  capabilities, provides  Apple  computers 
with an easy, consistent  user  interface  and built-in   networking  
capability  based  on  its  AppleTalk   networking standard,  as  well as 
other industry networking standards,  and  ensures integration  of  hardware
and software.  The Company's  system  software business  group also develops
and distributes extensions to the Macintosh system  software,  such  as 
utilities, languages,  developer  tools, and 

                                    3
<PAGE>

educational  software.  Claris Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary  
of the Company, develops, publishes, and distributes application software in
a  variety  of  established  personal productivity  categories,  such  as 
database   management  and  graphics,  for  Macintosh  and  Windows-based 
systems.   Claris  also publishes and distributes software  developed  by 
independent  developers  through  its  Claris  Clear  Choice (TM) labeling 
program.  Claris products are distributed primarily through  independent 
software resellers.

Networking and Connectivity Products

The  Company offers a full line of workgroup server systems that  provide
file, print and communications services to varying size workgroups.   The
Company also provides networking and communications products that connect
Apple systems to local area networks, providing access to other computers
and   computing  environments.   These  computing  environments   include
IBM's  large  and  small systems  and  Digital Equipment Corporation's VAX, 
as  well  as  systems conforming  to  the  Open System Interconnection (OSI)
and  Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) standards.

On-Line Services

The Company recently launched eWorld(TM), an on-line service which provides a
global  electronic  mail system together with news,  information  and  other
services.   This  on-line  service also includes eWorld  for  Macintosh  and
NewtonMail (TM), eWorld's messaging service for Newton.

Marketing and distribution

The  Company  distributes  its products principally  through  third-party
computer  resellers.  The Company is also continuing its  expansion  into
new  distribution  channels,  such as mass merchandise  stores,  consumer
electronics  outlets  and computer superstores, in response  to  changing
industry practices and customer preferences.  The Company's products  are
sold  primarily to business and government customers through  independent
resellers,  value-added  resellers  and  systems  integrators;  to   home
customers  through independent resellers and consumer  channels;  and  to
education  customers through direct sales and independent resellers.   In
order to provide products and service to its independent resellers  on  a
timely  basis, the Company distributes its products through a  number  of
Apple distribution and support centers.

Business  customers  account for the largest  portion  of  the  Company's
revenues.    Business  customers  are  attracted  to  the  Macintosh   in
particular for a variety of reasons, including the availability of a wide
variety of application software, the reduced amount of training resulting
from  the  Macintosh's  intuitive ease of use, and  the  ability  of  the
Macintosh  to  network  and communicate with other computer  systems  and
environments.

Apple personal computers were first introduced to education customers  in
the  late 1970's.  In the United States, the Company is one of the  major
suppliers of personal computers for both elementary and secondary  school
customers, as well as for college and university customers.  The  Company
is  also  a  substantial  supplier to institutions  of  higher  education
outside of the United States.
                                       
In  the  United  States,  the Company's formal commitment  to  serve  the
federal  government began in 1986 with the formation of the Apple Federal
Systems Group.  Although the Company has contracts with a number of  U.S.
government  agencies, these contracts are not currently material  to  the
Company's overall financial condition or results of operations.

Presently,  the United States represents the Company's largest geographic
marketplace.  The Apple USA organization, based in Campbell,  California,
focuses  on  the Company's sales, marketing, and support efforts  in  the
United  States.   Products  sold  in  the  United  States  are  primarily
manufactured  in  the Company's facilities in California,  Colorado,  and
Singapore, and distributed from facilities in California and Illinois.

Approximately  45% to 46% of the Company's revenues in recent  years  has
come   from   its   international  operations.   The  Company   has   two
international sales and marketing divisions, consisting of the Apple Europe

                                    4
<PAGE>

division  and  the  Apple Pacific  division.   The  Apple  Europe
division,  based in Paris, France, focuses on opportunities in Europe  as
well as in parts of Africa and in the Middle East.  Products sold by  the
Europe  division are manufactured primarily in the Company's facility  in
Cork,   Ireland.   The  Apple  Pacific  division,  based  in   Cupertino,
California, focuses on opportunities in Japan, Australia, Canada, the Far
East,  and  Latin  America.  Products sold by the  Pacific  division  are
manufactured  primarily  in  the  Company's  manufacturing  and  assembly
facilities in California, Colorado and Singapore.

A  summary  of the Company's Industry Segment and Geographic  Information
may  be found in Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K under  the  heading  
"Industry  Segment  and   Geographic Information", which information is 
hereby incorporated by reference.

Raw materials

Although  raw  materials,  processes, and  components  essential  to  the
Company's business are generally available from multiple sources, certain
key  components are currently obtained from single sources.  For example,
certain  microprocessors  used  in many of  the  Company's  products  are
currently   available   only  from  Motorola,  Inc.    Any   availability
limitations,  interruption in supplies, or price  increases  relative  to
these and other components  could adversely affect the Company's business
and  financial results.  Key components and processes currently  obtained
from   single   sources  include  certain  of  the  Company's   displays,
microprocessors,  mouse devices, keyboards, disk drives,  CD-ROM  drives,
printers  and  printer  components, ASICs and  other  custom  chips,  and
certain processes relating to construction of the plastic housing for the
Company's computers.  In addition, new products introduced by the Company
often  initially utilize custom components obtained from only one source,
until the Company has evaluated whether there is a need for an additional
supplier.   In  situations  where a component  or  product  utilizes  new
technologies  and  processes, there may be initial capacity   constraints
until  such  time as the suppliers' yields have matured.   Materials  and
components are normally acquired through purchase orders, as is common in
the  industry, typically covering the Company's requirements for  periods
from 90 to 180 days.  However, the Company continues to evaluate the need
for a supply contract in each situation.

If  the supply of a key single-sourced material, process, or component to
the  Company  were to be delayed or curtailed, its ability  to  ship  the
related product utilizing such material, process, or component in desired
quantities  and  in  a  timely manner could be adversely  affected.   The
Company's  business  and financial performance could  also  be  adversely
affected,  depending on the time required to obtain sufficient quantities
from the original source, or to identify and obtain sufficient quantities
from  an alternate source.  The Company believes that the suppliers whose
loss  to  the  Company  could have a material  adverse  effect  upon  the
Company's  business and financial position include, at this time,  Canon,
Inc.,  General  Electric Co., Hitachi, Ltd., IBM, Motorola,  Inc.,  Sharp
Corporation,  Sony Corporation, Texas Instruments, Inc.,  Tokyo  Electric
Co.,  Ltd.,  and/or their United States affiliates, and VLSI  Technology,
Inc.   However,  the  Company helps mitigate  these  potential  risks  by
working   closely  with  these  and  other  key  suppliers   on   product
introduction  plans,  strategic  inventories,  and  coordinated   product
introductions.   The  Company believes that  most  of  its  single-source
suppliers,  including  most  of  the foregoing  companies,  are  reliable
multinational  corporations.   Most of these  suppliers  manufacture  the
relevant  materials,  processes, or components in multiple  plants.   The
Company  further  believes that its long-standing business  relationships
with these and other key suppliers are strong and mutually beneficial in 
nature.

The  Company  has  a  supply agreement with Motorola, Inc.  (see  Exhibit
10.B.12  hereto).  The agreement with Motorola continues for  five  years
from January 31, 1992 unless otherwise mutually agreed in writing by  the
parties.   The Company single-sources microprocessors from Motorola.  The
supply  agreement does not obligate the Company to make minimum  purchase
commitments; however, the agreement does commit the vendor to supply  the
Company's  requirements of the particular items for the duration  of  the
agreement.

The  Company  has  also from time to time experienced  significant  price
increases  and  limited  availability  of  certain  components  that  are
available  from  multiple sources, such as dynamic  random-access  memory
devices.   Any  similar occurrences in the future could have  an  adverse
effect on the Company's operating results.

                                        5
<PAGE>

Patents, trademarks, copyrights and licenses

The Company currently holds rights to patents and copyrights relating  to
certain aspects of its computer and peripheral systems.  In addition, the
Company has registered, and/or has applied to register, trademarks in the
United  States and a number of foreign countries for "Apple",  the  Apple
silhouette  logo, the Apple color logo, "Macintosh", Newton,  the  Newton
Lightbulb  logo,  and  numerous other product trademarks.  In  1986,  the
Company  acquired  ownership  of the trademark  "Macintosh"  for  use  in
connection  with computer products.  Although the Company  believes  that
the ownership of such patents, copyrights, and trademarks is an important
factor  in its business and that its success does depend in part  on  the
ownership thereof, the Company relies primarily on the innovative skills,
technical competence, and marketing abilities of its personnel.

Because  of  technological  changes in  the  computer  industry,  current
extensive patent coverage, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents,
it  is  possible  that certain components of the Company's  products  may
unknowingly  infringe existing patents of others.  The Company believes the
resolution  of  any  claim of infringements would  not  have  a  material
adverse  effect on its financial condition and results of  operations  as
reported in the accompanying financial statements.  However, depending on
the amount and timing of an unfavorable resolution of any such claims  of
infringement,  it  is  possible  that the  Company's  future  results  of
operations  or  cash flow could be materially affected  in  a  particular
period.   The  Company has from time to time entered into cross-licensing
agreements with other companies.

The Company is engaged in certain litigation relating to its intellectual
property.   A description of such litigation is set forth  in
the  footnote to the financial statements under the subheading "Litigation"
included under the heading entitled "Commitments and Contingencies" in  Part
II,  Item  8   of   this   Form   10-K (Microsoft/Hewlett-Packard,  Lemelson
and Grant litigation), which information is hereby incorporated by reference.  

Seasonal business

Although  the Company does not consider its business to be highly seasonal,
it  has  historically experienced increased sales in its first  and  fourth
fiscal  quarters,  compared to other quarters in its fiscal  year,  due  to
holiday demand for and calendar year-end buying of some of its products.

Warranty

The Company offers a parts and labor limited warranty on its products.  The
warranty period is one year from the date of purchase by the end user.  The
Company  also  offers  a 90-day warranty for Apple service  parts  used  to
repair  Apple  hardware  products.   In addition,  consumers  may  purchase
extended service coverage on all Apple hardware products.

Customers

No  customer  of  the Company accounted for 10% or more of  net  sales  for
fiscal year 1994.

Backlog

In  general, the Company's resellers typically purchase products on an  as-
needed  basis due to the Company's distribution strategy, which is designed
to  expedite  the filling of orders.  Resellers frequently change  delivery
schedules   and  order  rates  depending  on  changing  market  conditions.
Unfilled  orders (backlog) can be, and often are, canceled  at  will.   The
Company  attempts  to  fill  orders on the  requested  delivery  schedules.
However, products may be in relatively short supply from time to time until
production  volumes have reached a level sufficient to meet  demand  or  if
other  constraints  exist.  The Company's backlog of  unfilled  orders 
remained relatively unchanged at approximately $663 million at both 
December  2, 1994,  and  November  19,  1993.   The  Company  expects  that 
substantially all of its orders in backlog at December  2,  1994  will  be 
either shipped or canceled during fiscal 1995.

                                        6
<PAGE>
 
In  the  Company's experience, the actual amount of product backlog at  any
particular  time  is  not a meaningful indication of  its  future  business
prospects.   In particular, backlog often increases in anticipation  of  or
immediately following introduction of new products because of over-ordering
by  dealers anticipating shortages.  Backlog often is reduced sharply  once
dealers  and customers believe they can obtain sufficient supply.   Because
of the foregoing, as well as other factors affecting the Company's backlog,
backlog  should  not be considered a reliable indicator  of  the  Company's
future  revenue or financial performance.  Further information regarding
the  Company's backlog may be found under Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K
under the heading "Factors  that  May Affect  Future  Results  and Financial
Condition,"  which  information  is hereby incorporated by reference.

Competition

The  market  for the design, manufacture and sale of personal  computers,
personal digital assistants, and related software and peripheral products
is  highly  competitive.   It  continues to  be  characterized  by  rapid
technological  advances  in both hardware and software  development  that
have  substantially increased the capabilities and applications of  these
products,  and has resulted in the frequent introduction of new products.
The  principal competitive factors in this market are product quality and
reliability,   availability  of  software,  product  features,   relative
price/performance,  marketing and distribution  capability,  service  and
support, availability of hardware peripherals, and corporate reputation.

Further discussion relating to the competitive conditions of the personal
computing  industry and the Company's competitive position in the  market
place may be found under Part II, Item 7 of this Form 10-K under the 
subheading "Competition," included under the heading "Factors that may 
Affect Future Results and Financial Condition," which information is hereby 
incorporated by reference.

Research and development

Because   the  personal  computer  industry  is  characterized   by   rapid
technological  advances, the Company's ability to compete  successfully  is
heavily  dependent upon its ability to ensure a continuing and timely  flow
of  competitive  products  to the marketplace.  The  Company  continues  to
develop  new products and technologies and to enhance existing products  in
the  areas of hardware and peripherals, system software, and networking and
communications. The Company's research and development expenditures totaled
$564  million, $665 million, and $602 million, in fiscal years  1994,  1993
and 1992, respectively.

Further  information  regarding the Company's R&D expenditures  for  fiscal
year  1995  is  set  forth in Part II, Item 7 of this Form  10-K  under  the
heading  "Operating Expenses," and which information is hereby incorporated
by reference.

Environmental laws

Compliance  with United States federal, state, and local laws  enacted  for
the  protection of the environment has to date had no material effect  upon
the  Company's  capital  expenditures, earnings, or  competitive  position.
Although  the Company does not anticipate any material adverse  effects  in
the  future  based on the nature of its operations and the thrust  of  such
laws,  no assurance can be given that such laws, or any future laws enacted
for  the  protection of the environment, will not have a  material  adverse
effect on the Company.

Employees

At  September 30, 1994, Apple and its subsidiaries worldwide  had  11,287
regular  employees,  and  an  additional  3,305  temporary  or  part-time
contractors and employees.

Foreign and domestic operations and geographic data

Information  regarding financial data by geographic area  and  the  risks
associated with international operations is set forth under Part II, Item
8  of  this  Form 10-K under the heading "Industry Segment and Geographic
Information",  and under Part II, Item 7 of this Form  10-K 
under  the subheading "Global Market Risks," 

                                        7
<PAGE>

included under the heading "Factors that may Affect Future Results and 
Financial Condition," which information is  hereby incorporated by reference.

Margins  on sales of Apple products in foreign countries, and on domestic
sales   of  products  that  include  components  obtained  from   foreign
suppliers,  can be adversely affected by foreign currency  exchange  rate
fluctuations  and  by international trade regulations, including  tariffs
and anti-dumping penalties.

Item 2. Properties

The  Company's  headquarters  are located in  Cupertino,  California.   The
Company  has  manufacturing facilities in Fountain,  Colorado,  Sacramento,
California,  Cork, Ireland, and Singapore.  As of September 30,  1994,  the
Company leased approximately 5.2 million square feet of space, primarily in
the  United  States,  and to a lesser extent, in Europe  and  the  Pacific.
Leases  are  generally for terms of five to ten years, and usually  provide
renewal options for terms of up to five additional years.  Certain of these
leased  facilities  are  subject  to the  Company's  restructuring  actions
initiated in the third quarter of both 1993 and 1991.  The amount of space
leased  by  the  Company  may  decline in the  future  as  the  leases  for
facilities  subject  to  restructuring actions are terminated  pursuant  to
agreements with landlords or expire as scheduled.

The  Company owns its manufacturing facilities in Fountain, Colorado, Cork,
Ireland, and Singapore, which total approximately 920,000 square feet.  The
Company also owns a 450,000 square-foot facility in Sacramento, California,
which  is used as a manufacturing, service and support center.  The Company
also  owns  the  research and development facility  located  in  Cupertino,
California,  and  a  centralized domestic data center in  Napa,  California
which  approximate 856,000 and 158,000 square feet, respectively.   Outside
of   the   United  States,  the  Company  owns  a  facility  in  Apeldoorn,
Netherlands,   which   is   used  primarily  for   distribution,   totaling
approximately   265,000  square  feet,  in  addition   to   certain   other
international facilities, totaling approximately 553,000 square feet.

The  Company believes that its existing facilities and equipment  are  well
maintained  and in good operating condition.  The Company has  invested  in
additional  internal  capacity  and external  partnerships,  and  therefore
believes   it  has  adequate  manufacturing capacity  for  the  foreseeable
future.  The Company continues to make investments in capital equipment  as
needed to meet anticipated demand for its products.

Information  regarding critical business operations that are  located  near
major  earthquake faults is set forth in Part II, Item 7 of this Form  10-K
under   the  heading  "Factors  That  May  Affect  Future  Results",  which
information is hereby incorporated by reference.

Information  regarding the Company's purchase of its remaining  partnership
interest  in  Cupertino  Gateway  Partners,  formed  for  the  purpose   of
constructing the campus-type office facility that is now wholly owned by the
Company,  may  be  found in Part II, Item 8 of this  Form  10-K  under  the
heading  "Commitments  and  Contingencies",  which  information  is  hereby
incorporated by reference.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings

Information regarding legal proceedings is set forth in Part II, Item 8  of
this  Form  10-K under the subheading "Litigation," included under the 
heading "Commitments and Contingencies,"  which information is hereby 
incorporated by reference.


Item 4.  Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

No  matters were submitted to a vote of security holders during the  fourth
quarter of the Company's fiscal year ended September 30, 1994.

                                        8
<PAGE>

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The  following  sets  forth  certain information  regarding  the  executive
officers of the Company as of December 8, 1994:

Michael H. Spindler*, President and Chief Executive Officer (age 52).   Mr.
Spindler  joined  the  Company as European Marketing Manager  in  September
1980, was promoted to Vice President and General Manager, Europe in January
1984,  was  named Vice President, International in February 1985,  and  was
promoted  to  Senior Vice President, International Sales and  Marketing  in
November   1986.   Mr.  Spindler  was  appointed  Senior  Vice   President,
International in January 1988, Senior Vice President, Apple Europe Division
in  April 1988, and was promoted to President, Apple Europe in August 1988.
While  remaining  President of Apple Europe, Mr. Spindler  was  also  named
Senior Vice President of Apple Computer, Inc. in February 1989.  In January
1990,  Mr.  Spindler was promoted to Chief Operating Officer and  Executive
Vice  President of Apple Computer, Inc., and in November 1990  was  elected
President.   In  January 1991, Mr. Spindler was elected  a  member  of  the
Company's  Board of Directors.  Mr. Spindler was appointed to the  position
of Chief Executive Officer in June 1993.

Joseph  A.  Graziano, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial  Officer
(age  51).   Mr. Graziano joined the Company in June 1989, as  Senior  Vice
President and Chief Financial Officer.  In November 1990, Mr. Graziano  was
elected  Executive Vice President, and in October 1993,  Mr.  Graziano  was
elected  a member of the Company's Board of Directors.  Before joining  the
Company,   Mr.  Graziano  was  employed  by  Sun  Microsystems,   Inc.,   a
manufacturer  of  high-performance  engineering  workstations,   as   Chief
Financial  Officer from June 1987 to June 1989.   Mr. Graziano  is  also  a
director of IntelliCorp, Inc., and StrataCom, Inc.

Ian  W.  Diery*,  Executive  Vice President and General  Manager,  Personal
Computer  Division (age 45).  Mr. Diery joined the Company as  Senior  Vice
President  of Apple and President, Apple Pacific Division in October  1989.
In July 1992, Mr. Diery was promoted to Executive Vice President, Worldwide
Sales  and  Marketing.  In July 1993, Mr. Diery was promoted  to  Executive
Vice  President  and  General  Manager of the Personal  Computer  Division.
Prior  to joining the Company, Mr. Diery was employed by Wang Laboratories,
Inc.,  a manufacturer of computer systems and related products, from August
1978  to  August  1989,  where  he  served  in  various  senior  management
positions, including Senior Vice President of USA Operations from  December
1986 to December 1987, and Executive Vice President of Worldwide Operations
from June 1988 to August 1989.


James J. Buckley, Senior Vice President and President, Apple USA (age  44).
Mr.  Buckley joined the Company as K-12 and Higher Education Sales  Manager
in May 1985 and was promoted to Director of the same group in January 1986.
In  May  1986,  Mr.  Buckley was named Area Director, North  Central  Area,
appointed Vice President, Central Operations in April 1988, was promoted to
Vice  President,  Northern Operations in May 1991, and was  appointed  Vice
President and General Manager, Higher Education Division in April 1992.  Mr.
Buckley was named Senior Vice President and President, Apple USA in January
1994.

Daniel  L.  Eilers,  Senior  Vice  President,  Apple  Computer,  Inc.,  and
President  and Chief Executive Officer, Claris Corporation (age  39).   Mr.
Eilers  joined the Company as a software product manager in June 1982.   He
was  promoted  to  Assistant  Treasurer  in  1984,  Director  of  Strategic
Investments  in  1986,  Vice President, Strategic Investments  in  November
1987,  and Vice President, Strategy and Corporate Development in  1989.  In
March  1991,  Mr.  Eilers was named Senior Vice President, Apple  Computer,
Inc., and President and Chief Executive Officer, Claris Corporation.

John Floisand, Senior Vice President and President, Apple Pacific (age 50).
Mr.  Floisand  joined the Company in May 1986, as Director of Sales,  Apple
Computer,  Ltd., United Kingdom.  In October 1988, Mr. Floisand  was  named
Director  of  Sales  Development, Customer Services and  Operations,  Apple
Pacific  Division,  and in February 1992 was promoted  to  Vice  President,
Sales   Development,  Customer  Services  and  Operations,  Apple   Pacific
Division.   Mr.  Floisand  was named Vice President  and  President,  Apple
Pacific  in  August 1992.  In October 1994, Mr. Floisand  was  promoted  to
Senior Vice President and President, Apple Pacific.

                                        9
<PAGE>

G. Frederick Forsyth, Senior Vice President, Worldwide Operations (age 50).
Mr.  Forsyth joined the Company in June 1989, as Vice President,  Worldwide
Manufacturing, Apple Products Division.  Mr. Forsyth was named Senior  Vice
President, Worldwide Manufacturing in November 1990, and in April  1991  he
was  promoted  to  Senior  Vice President and  General  Manager,  Macintosh
Systems  Division.   In June 1993, Mr. Forsyth assumed  responsibility  for
Worldwide  Operations.   Prior  to joining the  Company,  Mr.  Forsyth  was
employed  by  Digital  Equipment  Corporation  (DEC),  a  manufacturer   of
networked  computer  systems  and  associated  peripheral  equipment,  from
November  1979  to  June  1989,  where  he  served  in  various  managerial
positions,  most  recently as Group Manager, Low End Systems  Manufacturing
from November 1986 to June 1989.

David  C.  Nagel,  Senior  Vice President and  General  Manager,  AppleSoft
Division  (age 49).  Dr. Nagel joined the Company in June 1988, as  Manager
of  the Applications Technology Group within the Advanced Technology Group.
Dr. Nagel was promoted to Manager of  User Technologies in June 1988,  
Director  of  User  Technologies in October 1989, and  finally   Vice
President of the Advanced Technology Group in April 1990.  In December  1991,
Dr. Nagel was promoted to Senior Vice President and General Manager, Advanced 
Technology Group and named Senior  Vice  President  and General  Manager,  
Macintosh Software Architecture  Division  in January 1993.  In July 1993, 
Dr. Nagel was named General Manager  of the AppleSoft Division.  

Kevin  J.  Sullivan, Senior Vice President, Human Resources (age 53).   Mr.
Sullivan  joined  the  Company  in April 1987,  as  Vice  President,  Human
Resources.   In  October  1988, Mr. Sullivan was promoted  to  Senior  Vice
President, Human Resources.

Robert  A. Lauridsen, Vice President, Corporate Development (age 46).   Mr.
Lauridsen  joined  the  Company  in August  1990,  as  Director,  Corporate
Development.  In June 1991, Mr. Lauridsen was promoted to Senior  Director,
Corporate  Development and Strategic Investments, and in August  1992,  was
promoted  to  Vice President, Corporate Development.  Prior to joining  the
Company, Mr. Lauridsen was employed by Booz, Allen, and Hamilton,  Inc.,  a
consulting  firm,  where he served most recently as  Vice  President,  from
October 1987 to August 1990.

Jeanne  Seeley, Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller (age  45).
Ms.  Seeley joined the Company in October 1981, as the Controller  for  the
Peripherals  Division.   In June 1985, Ms. Seeley was  promoted  to  Senior
Controller for the Operations Group, was named Director of Finance in 
July  1986, and was  promoted to Senior Director of Finance in January 1989.
In November  1990,  Ms. Seeley  was promoted to Vice President, Finance.  
Ms. Seeley was  appointed Vice President, Finance and Corporate Controller 
in May 1992.

Edward  B. Stead, Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary (age  47).
Mr.  Stead  joined  the  Company in September 1988,  as  Associate  General
Counsel.   He  was  named  Vice President, General Counsel,  and  Assistant
Secretary  of  the  Company  in June 1989.  In September  1993,  Mr.  Stead
assumed the additional position of Secretary.

*Information  regarding  employment agreements  between  certain  executive
officers  and the Company is set forth in the section entitled "Information
About   Apple   Computer,   Inc.  -  Certain  Relationships   and   Related
Transactions"   of  the  Company's  Proxy  Statement,   which information is
hereby incorporated by reference.

                                       10
<PAGE>

PART II

Item   5. Market for the Registrant's Common Equity and Related Stockholder
Matters

The Company's common stock is traded on the over-the-counter market and  is
quoted  on the Nasdaq National Market  under the symbol AAPL, on  the
Tokyo  Stock  Exchange under the symbol APPLE, and on the  Frankfurt  Stock
Exchange  under the symbol APCD.  Options are traded on the  Chicago  Board
Options  Exchange  and the American Stock Exchange.  Information  regarding
the Company's high and low reported closing prices for its common stock and
the  number of shareholders of record is set forth in Part II,  Item  8  of
this  Form 10-K under the heading "Selected Quarterly Financial Information
(Unaudited)" which information is hereby incorporated by reference.

Item 6. Selected Financial Data

The  following  selected financial information has been  derived  from  the
Consolidated Financial Statements that have been audited by Ernst  &  Young
LLP,  independent  auditors.   The  information  set  forth  below  is  not
necessarily indicative of results of future operations, and should be  read
in  conjunction  with  "Management's Discussion and Analysis  of  Financial
Condition  and  Results  of  Operations"  and  the  consolidated  financial
statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this  Form 10-K.

                   (Tabular amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
ANNUAL
Five fiscal years ended September 30, 1994

                     1994        1993        1992        1991        1990
<S>            <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>         <C>
Net sales      $ 9,188,748 $7,976,954  $ 7,086,542 $ 6,308,849  $5,558,435

Net income     $   310,178 $   86,589  $   530,373 $   309,841  $  474,895

Earnings per
 common and
 common
 equivalent
 share         $     2.61  $     0.73  $     4.33  $     2.58  $     3.77
Cash dividends
 declared
 per common
 share         $     0.48  $     0.48  $     0.48  $     0.48  $     0.44
Common and
 common
 equivalent
 shares used
 in the
 calculations
 of earnings per
 share            118,735     119,125     122,490     120,283     125,813
Cash, cash
 equivalents,
 and short-term
 investments   $1,257,856  $  892,303  $1,435,500  $  892,719  $  997,091
Total assets   $5,302,746  $5,171,412  $4,223,693  $3,493,597  $2,975,707
Long-term debt $  304,472  $    7,117  $   17,740  $   18,131  $    5,437
Deferred tax 
 liabilities   $  670,668  $  629,832  $  610,803  $  509,870  $  501,832
</TABLE>  

                                       11
<PAGE>                                                              

Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.  All information is
based on the Company's fiscal calendar.

(Tabular information: Dollars in millions, except per share amounts)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS              1994    Change    1993   Change    1992
<S>                             <C>         <C>   <C>       <C>    <C>
Net sales                       $ 9,189     15%   $ 7,977   13%    $ 7,087
Gross margin                    $ 2,344    -14%   $ 2,728  -12%    $ 3,095
  Percentage of net sales         25.5%             34.2%            43.7%
Operating expenses (excluding
 restructuring costs)           $ 1,948    -15%   $ 2,297    --    $ 2,289
  Percentage of net sales         21.2%             28.8%            32.3%
Restructuring costs             $  (127)  -140%   $   321    --        -- 
  Percentage of net sales         (1.4%)             4.0%              -- 
Net income                      $   310    258%   $    87   -84%   $   530
Earnings per share              $  2.61    258%   $  0.73   -83%   $  4.33
</TABLE>

Net Sales

Net sales increased $1,212 million, or 15% in fiscal 1994, compared with an
increase of $890 million, or 13%, in fiscal 1993.  The net sales growth  in
1994 over 1993 was primarily due to two factors: unit sales growth and,  to
a lesser extent, an increase in the average aggregate revenue per Macintosh
computer unit.  Total Macintosh computer unit sales increased 16% over  the
prior  year.   This growth resulted principally from strong  sales  of  the
Company's  new  Power Macintosh products, first introduced  on  March  14,
1994,  and  from  sales  of newer product offerings  within  the  Macintosh
Performa  line  of  desktop personal computers and, to  a  lesser  extent,
within  the PowerBook family of notebook personal computers.  This  growth
was  partially  offset by declining unit sales in certain of the  Company's
more   established  products  and  older  product  versions.   The  average
aggregate revenue per Macintosh unit increased slightly, primarily  due  to
fluctuations  in  product mix throughout the year, despite pricing  actions
undertaken  by  the Company in response to continuing industrywide  pricing
pressures.

Total  Macintosh  computer unit sales increased  32%  from  1992  to  1993,
reflecting  strong  unit  sales of the Company's  newer  product  offerings
within  the  Macintosh Quadra, LC and Performa lines of  desktop  personal
computers  and within the PowerBook family of notebook personal  computers.
This growth was partially offset by declining unit sales of certain of  the
Company's  more  established  products and  older  product  versions.   The
average aggregate revenue per unit declined 15% in 1993 compared with 1992,
primarily  as  a  result of pricing actions undertaken by  the  Company  in
response to continuing industrywide pricing pressures.

In  1994,  domestic net sales increased 14% over the prior  year,  compared
with  an  increase of 13% in 1993 over 1992.  International net sales  grew
17%  from  1993  to  1994,  compared with 12% growth  from  1992  to  1993,
primarily  as  a  result  of strong sales growth  in  the  Pacific  region,
particularly  in  Japan.  International net sales represented  46%  of  net
sales in 1994 compared with 45% of net sales in both 1993 and 1992.

Gross Margin

Gross margin in 1994 continued to decline as a percentage of net sales from
1993  and  1992 levels.  The gross margin percentage declined to  25.5%  in
1994  from  34.2%  in  1993.   The downward trend  in  gross  margin  as  a
percentage  of net sales was primarily a result of pricing and  promotional
actions  undertaken by the Company in response to industrywide  competitive
pricing pressures.

                                      12
<PAGE>

Gross  margin  was also affected somewhat adversely by changes  in  foreign
currency  exchange rates as a result of a stronger U.S. dollar relative  to
certain  foreign currencies in 1994 compared with 1993.  Results  from  the
Company's  ongoing foreign currency hedging activities offset a portion  of
this  adverse  foreign  currency  impact on  gross  margin.   Although  the
Company's results of operations can be significantly affected in the  short
term  by  fluctuations  in foreign currency exchange rates,  the  Company's
operating strategy and pricing take into account changes in exchange  rates
over time.

The decline in gross margin as a percentage of net sales from 43.7% in 1992
to  34.2%  in  1993  was  primarily the result of industrywide  competitive
pressures  and  associated  pricing  and  promotional  actions.   Inventory
valuation  reserves recorded against certain products also  contributed  to
the  decline  in gross margin as a percentage of net sales.  The  Company's
results  of  operations  were  minimally affected  by  changes  in  foreign
currency exchange rates in 1993 compared with 1992.

Although  the  Company's gross margin percentage was 27.2% for  the  fourth
quarter  of  1994,   resulting primarily from  strong  sales  of    Power
Macintosh  computers  and  the PowerBook 500 series  of  notebook  personal
computers, it is anticipated that gross margins will remain under  pressure
and  could  fall below prior years' levels worldwide due to  a  variety  of
factors,  including  continued  industrywide pricing  pressures,  increased
competition, and compressed product life cycles.

<TABLE>                                                            
<CAPTION>
Operating Expenses                     1994  Change   1993  Change    1992
<S>                                     <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>    <C>
Research and development             $  564    -15%  $  665    10%  $  602
Percentage of net sales                6.1%            8.3%           8.5%
</TABLE>                                                           

Research  and  development expenditures decreased  in  amount  during  1994
compared  with 1993 and 1992.  This decrease reflected the results  of  the
Company's restructuring actions aimed at reducing costs, including  product
development   expenditures.   The  increase  in  research  and  development
expenditures  from 1992 to 1993 reflected net additions  to  the  Company's
engineering   staff   and   related  costs.    Research   and   development
expenditures,  as  a percentage of net sales, decreased  since  1992  as  a
result  of  revenue growth during 1993 and 1994, coupled with the Company's
continuing efforts to focus its research and development project spending.

The  Company believes that continued investment in research and development
is   critical  to  its  future  growth  and  competitive  position  in  the
marketplace,  and is directly related to continued, timely  development  of
new  and  enhanced  products.   Although the Company  continues  to  manage
operating  expense growth relative to gross margin levels,  it  anticipates
that  research and development expenditures in 1995 will increase  slightly
in amount.
<TABLE>                                                            
<CAPTION>
                                       1994  Change   1993  Change    1992
<S>                                  <C>       <C>    <C>     <C>    <C>
Selling, general and administrative  $1,384    -15%  $1,632   -3%    $1,687
Percentage of net sales               15.1%           20.5%           23.8%
</TABLE>                                                           

Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased in amount and  as  a
percentage  of  net  sales in 1994 and 1993 compared with  1993  and  1992,
respectively.   These decreases reflect the Company's  ongoing  efforts  to
manage operating expense growth relative to gross margin levels.

In  1994, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased in  amount
and  as a percentage of net sales compared with 1993, primarily because  of
lower   employee-related   and  facilities   costs   resulting   from   the
restructuring  actions taken in the third quarter of  1993.   In  addition,
revenue growth in 1994 contributed to the decrease in selling, general  and
administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales.

                                       13
<PAGE>

General  and administrative expenses decreased in 1993 compared with  1992,
primarily because of reduced employee-related expenses resulting  from  the
restructuring actions taken in the third quarter of 1993.  This decrease in
general  and administrative expenses was offset slightly by an increase  in
sales  and marketing expenses as a result of increases in costs for product
marketing and advertising programs related to new product introductions and
efforts to increase product demand.

The  Company  will  continue to face the challenge of  managing  growth  in
selling,  general  and  administrative expenses relative  to  gross  margin
levels,  particularly  in light of the Company's expectation  of  continued
pressure  on  gross margins and continued competitive pressures  worldwide.
The  Company anticipates an increase in selling, general and administrative
expenses  in  1995 from current levels, primarily resulting from  marketing
and advertising expenditures.
<TABLE>                                                            
<CAPTION>
                                    1994  Change   1993  Change    1992
<S>                                 <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>
Restructuring costs                 $(127)  -140%  $ 321     --      --                                     
Percentage of net sales             (1.4%)          4.0%             --
</TABLE>                                                       
For  information  regarding the Company's restructuring actions,  refer  to
pages 33-34 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

<TABLE>                                                            
<CAPTION>
Interest and Other Income             
(Expense), Net                        1994   Change   1993   Change   1992
<S>                                   <C>     <C>      <C>    <C>      <C>
Interest and other income (expense),  
  net                                $ (22)   -175%   $ 29    -41%    $ 50                                      
</TABLE>                                                           
Interest and other income (expense), net, decreased by $51 million, to  $22
million  in  expense in 1994 compared with $29 million of income  in  1993.
Higher  interest rates and larger average borrowing balances used  to  fund
working  capital  needs served to significantly increase interest  expense,
and  accounted  for  $28 million of the $51 million  increase  in  expenses
during  1994.  Other factors contributing to this variance include interest
income,  which  was  higher in 1993 than in 1994 primarily  due  to  a  $15
million interest payment received on a non-recurring income tax refund from
the  Internal  Revenue  Service  in 1993,  and  interest  income  from  the
Company's  interest  rate  risk management program,  which  contributed  $6
million in 1993, and reduced interest income by $7 million in 1994.

Interest  and  other income (expense), net, decreased  in  amount  in  1993
compared  with  1992 because of lower interest rates, lower cash  balances,
expenses associated with certain financing transactions, lower gains on the
sale  of  certain of the Company's venture capital investments, an increase
in  the cost of hedging certain foreign currency exposures, and an increase
in  interest expense due to higher commercial paper borrowing levels.  This
decrease  was partially offset by interest earned on an income  tax  refund
from  the  Internal  Revenue Service and gains realized  on  the  Company's
ongoing foreign exchange risk management programs.

For more information regarding the Company's strategy and accounting for
financial and other derivative instruments, refer to pages 28-31 of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.
<TABLE>                                                            
<CAPTION>
Provision for Income Taxes            1994  Change   1993  Change    1992
<S>                                   <C>     <C>    <C>     <C>     <C>
Provision for income taxes            $190    258%   $53     -84%    $325
Effective tax rate                     38%            38%             38%
</TABLE>                                                           
The  Company's  effective tax rate remained unchanged in 1994,  1993  and
1992.   For additional information regarding income taxes, refer to pages
35-36 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

                                       14
<PAGE>

Factors That May Affect Future Results and Financial Condition

The  Company's  future  operating results  and  financial  condition  are
dependent  on the Company's ability to successfully develop, manufacture,
and  market technologically innovative products in order to meet  dynamic
customer  demand  patterns.  Inherent in this process  are  a  number  of
factors  that  the Company must successfully manage in order  to  achieve
favorable future operating results and financial condition.

Product Introductions and Transitions

Due  to  the  highly  volatile nature of the personal computer  industry,
which  is  characterized by dynamic customer demand  patterns  and  rapid
technological  advances, the Company frequently introduces  new  products
and  product  enhancements.  The success of new product introductions  is
dependent  on  a  number  of factors, including  market  acceptance,  the
Company's   ability   to  manage  the  risks  associated   with   product
transitions,  the effective management of inventory levels in  line  with
anticipated  product  demand,  and  the  manufacturing  of  products   in
appropriate  quantities  to meet anticipated  demand.   Accordingly,  the
Company cannot determine the ultimate effect that new products will  have
on its sales or results of operations.

On  March 14, 1994, the Company introduced Power Macintosh, a new line of
Macintosh   computers   based   on  a  new   PowerPC   family   of   RISC
microprocessors.   The  Company's results  of  operations  and  financial
condition  may  be  adversely affected if it is  unable  to  successfully
complete  the transition of its lines of personal computers  and  servers
from  the  Motorola  68000  series  of  microprocessors  to  the  PowerPC
microprocessor.  The success of this ongoing transition  will  depend  on
the  Company's ability to continue to sell products based on the Motorola
68000  series of microprocessors while gaining market acceptance  of  the
new  PowerPC  processor-based products, to successfully manage  inventory
levels  of  both  product  lines  simultaneously,  and  to  continue   to
coordinate   the  timely  development  and  distribution  by  independent
software  vendors  of  new  "native" software  applications  specifically
designed for the PowerPC processor-based products.

The rate of product shipments immediately following introduction of a new
product  is not necessarily an indication of the anticipated future  rate
of  shipments  for that product, which depends on many factors,  some  of
which  are  not  under  the control of the Company.   These  factors  may
include initial large purchases by a small segment of the user population
that  tends  to purchase new technology prior to its acceptance  by  the
majority of users ("early adopters"); purchases in satisfaction of  pent-
up  demand  by  users  who anticipated new technology  and  as  a  result
deferred  purchases of other products; and overordering  by  dealers  who
anticipate  shortages due to the aforementioned factors.   The  preceding
may also be offset by other factors, such as the deferral of purchases by
many  users  until new technology is accepted as "proven" and  for  which
commonly  used  software products are available;  and  the  reduction  of
orders by dealers once they believe they can obtain sufficient supply  of
product previously in backlog.

Backlog  is  often volatile after new product introductions  due  to  the
aforementioned  demand factors, often increasing sharply coincident  with
introduction,  and  then  reducing sharply  once  dealers  and  customers
believe they can obtain sufficient supply of product.

The  measurement  of  demand  for newly introduced  products  is  further
complicated  by  the  availability of different  product  configurations,
which  may  include various types of built-in peripherals  and  software.
Configurations may also require certain localization (such  as  language)
for  various  markets  and, as a result, demand in  different  geographic
areas  may  be a function of the availability of third-party software  in
those  localized  versions.  For example, the availability  of  European-
language versions of software products manufactured by U.S. producers may
lag  behind the availability of U.S. versions by a quarter or more.  This
may result in lower initial demand for the Company's new products outside
the  United  States, although localized versions of the products  may  be
available.

                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       15
<PAGE>

Competition

The personal computer industry is highly competitive and continues to  be
characterized by consolidations in the hardware and software  industries,
aggressive  pricing practices, and downward pressure  on  gross  margins.
The  Company's  results of operations and financial  condition  could  be
adversely affected should the Company be unable to effectively manage the
impact  of  industrywide pricing pressures and continue  to  realize  the
anticipated  cost -reduction benefits associated with  the  restructuring
plan initiated in the third quarter of 1993.

The  Company's future operating results and financial condition may  also
be  affected  by  the  Company's ability to offer  customers  competitive
technologies  while effectively managing the impact on  inventory  levels
and   the   potential   for  customer  confusion   created   by   product
proliferation.

On  November 7, 1994, the Company reached an agreement with International
Business  Machines Corporation (IBM) and Motorola, Inc. on a new hardware
reference  platform for the PowerPC microprocessor that is  intended  to
deliver  a  much wider range of operating system and application  choices
for  computer  customers.   As a result of this  agreement,  the  Company
intends  to  port the Macintosh operating system to the common  platform.
Accordingly,   the  Company's  future  operating  results  and  financial
condition  may be affected by its ability to implement this  and  certain
other collaboration agreements entered into, and to manage the associated
competitive risk.

The  Company's future operating results and financial condition may  also
be  affected  by the Company's ability to increase market  share  in  its
personal computer business.  Currently, the Company is the only maker  of
hardware  that  uses  the  Macintosh operating system,  and  it  has  a
minority market share in the personal computer market, which is dominated
by  makers  of  computers  that run the MS-DOS (registered trademark)  and  
Microsoft  Windows(TM) operating  systems.  Certain of the Company's 
personal computer  products are  capable  of  running software designed for
the  MS-DOS  or  Windows operating  system,  through software emulation  of
Intel  microprocessor chips  (except  for one product, which does so by 
means of a  coprocessor card).  Optimal performance of the Company's products
is obtained by  use of  software  specifically  designed for the Company's  
products,  either those  based  on  the Motorola 68000 series of 
microprocessors  or  those based  on  the  PowerPC microprocessor.  However,
as  a  result  of  the collaboration  agreement noted in the preceding  
paragraph,  the  Company will  have  the opportunity to increase its market 
share in the  personal computer business as the Macintosh operating system 
becomes available  on computers based on the new hardware reference platform.

Decisions  by customers to purchase the Company's personal computers,  as
opposed  to  MS-DOS  or Windows-based systems, are  often  based  on  the
availability  of  third-party software for particular applications.   The
Company   believes  that  the  availability  of  third-party  application
software for the Company's hardware products depends in part on the third-
party  developers'  perception and analysis of the relative  benefits  of
developing  such software for the Company's products versus software  for
the  larger MS-DOS and Windows market.  This analysis is based on factors
such  as  the  relative  market  share of  the  Company's  products,  the
anticipated  potential  revenue that may be  earned,  and  the  costs  of
developing such software products.

In  an  effort  to  increase overall market share, the Company  plans  to
license the Macintosh operating system to other personal computer vendors
beginning in 1995.  The Company anticipates that the licensing activities
will  result  in  a variety of these vendors bringing to market  personal
computers  that  will run application software based  on  the  Macintosh
operating  system.  The Company also believes that licensing  will  offer
software  vendors a broader installed base on which they can develop  and
provide technical innovations for the Macintosh platform.  At this  time,
the  Company cannot determine the ultimate effect that  licensing of  the
Macintosh  operating  system  will  have  on  its  sales  or  results  of
operations.

Microsoft  Corporation  is  the  developer  of  the  MS-DOS  and  Windows
operating systems, which are the principal competing operating systems to
the Company's Macintosh operating system.  Microsoft is also an important
developer   of   application  software  for   the   Company's   products.
Accordingly,  Microsoft's interest in producing application software  for
the Company's products may be influenced by Microsoft's perception of its
interests as an operating system vendor.

                                       16
<PAGE>

The  Company's ability to produce and market competitive products is also
dependent on the ability of IBM and Motorola, Inc., the suppliers of  the
new PowerPC RISC microprocessor for certain of the Company's products, to
continue  to supply to the Company microprocessors which produce superior
price/performance results compared with those supplied to  the  Company's
competitors  by  Intel Corporation, the developer  and  producer  of  the
microprocessors  used  by most personal computers using  the  MS-DOS  and
Windows operating systems.  IBM produces personal computers based on  the
Intel  microprocessors as well as on the PowerPC microprocessor,  and  is
also the developer of OS/2, a competing operating system to the Company's
Macintosh operating system.  Accordingly, IBM's interest in supplying the
Company  with  improved  versions of microprocessors  for  the  Company's
products  may  be influenced by IBM's perception of its  interests  as  a
competing manufacturer of personal computers and as a competing operating
system vendor.

The  Company's future operating results and financial condition may  also
be  affected  by  the Company's  ability to successfully expand  its  new
businesses and product offerings into other markets, such as the  markets
for on-line services and personal digital assistant (PDA) products.

Global Market Risks

A  large  portion  of  the  Company's revenue  is  derived  from  its
international operations.  As a result, the Company's operations  and
financial  results could be significantly affected  by  international
factors, such as changes in foreign currency exchange rates  or  weak
economic  conditions  in the foreign markets  in  which  the  Company
distributes  its products.  When the U.S. dollar strengthens  against
other  currencies,  the  U.S. dollar value of  non-U.S.  dollar-based
sales decreases.  When the U.S. dollar weakens, the U.S. dollar value
of  non-U.S. dollar-based sales increases. Correspondingly, the  U.S.
dollar  value of non-U.S. dollar-based costs increases when the  U.S.
dollar  weakens  and  decreases  when the  U.S.  dollar  strengthens.
Overall,  the Company is a net receiver of currencies other than  the
U.S.  dollar  and,  as  such, benefits from a weaker  dollar  and  is
adversely  affected by a stronger dollar relative to major currencies
worldwide.   Accordingly, changes in exchange  rates  may  negatively
affect  the  Company's  consolidated  sales  and  gross  margins  (as
expressed in U.S. dollars).

To  mitigate  the short-term impact of fluctuating currency  exchange
rates   on   the  Company's  non-U.S.  dollar-based  sales,   product
procurement, and operating expenses, the Company regularly hedges its
non-U.S.  dollar-based exposures.  Specifically, the  Company  enters
into  foreign  exchange forward and option contracts to hedge  firmly
committed   transactions.   Currently,  hedges  of  firmly  committed
transactions  do  not  extend  beyond one  year.   The  Company  also
purchases  foreign exchange option contracts to hedge  certain  other
probable, but not firmly committed transactions.  Hedges of probable,
but  not firmly committed transactions do not extend beyond one year.
To  reduce  the costs associated with these ongoing foreign  exchange
hedging  programs, the Company also regularly sells foreign  exchange
option  contracts  and  enters into certain  other  foreign  exchange
transactions.  All foreign exchange forward and option contracts  not
accounted  for  as  hedges,  including all transactions  intended  to
reduce  the  costs  associated with the  Company's  foreign  exchange
hedging  programs,  are carried at fair value and are  adjusted  each
balance sheet date for changes in exchange rates.

While  the Company is exposed with respect to the interest  rates  of
many  of  the world's leading industrialized countries, the Company's
interest income and expense is most sensitive to fluctuations in  the
general  level  of U.S. interest rates.  In this regard,  changes  in
U.S. interest rates affect the interest earned on the Company's cash,
cash equivalents, and short-term investments as well as interest paid
on  its  short-term borrowings and long-term debt.  To  mitigate  the
impact  of  fluctuations  in U.S. interest  rates,  the  Company  has
entered into interest rate swap and option transactions.  Certain  of
these  swaps are intended to better match the Company's floating-rate
interest  income  on  its  cash,  cash  equivalents,  and  short-term
investments  with  the fixed-rate interest expense on  its  long-term
debt.  The Company also enters into interest rate swap, swaption, and
option  transactions in order to extend the effective duration  of  a
portion  of  its  cash,  cash equivalent, and  short-term  investment
portfolios.  These  swaps  may extend the Company's  cash  investment
horizon up to a maximum effective duration of three years.



                                     17
<PAGE>

To  ensure  the  adequacy and effectiveness of the Company's  foreign
exchange and interest rate hedge positions, as well as to monitor the
risks  and  opportunities  of the nonhedge  portfolios,  the  Company
continually  monitors  its  foreign  exchange  forward   and   option
positions, and its interest rate swap, swaption, and option positions
on a stand-alone basis and in conjunction with its underlying foreign
currency-  and  interest rate- related exposures, respectively,  from
both  an accounting and an economic perspective.  However, given  the
effective horizons of the Company's risk management activities, there
can be no assurance that the aforementioned programs will offset more
than  a  portion  of  the  adverse financial  impact  resulting  from
unfavorable  movements in either foreign exchange or interest  rates.
As  such, the Company's operating results and financial position  may
be adversely affected.

Inventory

The  Company's  products  include certain components,  such  as  specific
microprocessors  manufactured  by  Motorola,  Inc.,  that  are  currently
available  only  from  single  sources.   Any  availability  limitations,
interruptions  in  supplies,  or  price  increases  of  these  and  other
components  could adversely affect the Company's business  and  financial
results.   The Company's future operating results and financial condition
may  also  be  adversely  affected by the  Company's  ability  to  manage
inventory levels and lead times required to obtain components in order to
be  more responsive to short-term shifts in customer demand patterns.  In
addition,  if  anticipated unit sales growth for new and current  product
offerings  is not realized, inventory valuation reserves may be necessary
that  would  adversely  affect the Company's results  of  operations  and
financial condition.

Marketing and Distribution

A  number of uncertainties exist regarding the marketing and distribution
of  the  Company's products.  Currently, the Company's primary  means  of
distribution  is  through third-party computer  resellers.   However,  in
response  to  changing industry practices and customer  preferences,  the
Company is continuing its expansion into various consumer channels,  such
as  mass-merchandise  stores (for example, Sears and Wal-Mart),  consumer
electronics  outlets, and computer superstores.  The  Company's  business
and  financial  results  could be adversely  affected  if  the  financial
condition of these sellers weakens or if sellers within consumer channels
decide not to continue to distribute the Company's products.

Other Factors

The  majority  of the Company's research and development activities,  its
corporate  headquarters,  and  other  critical  business  operations  are
located  near major seismic faults. The Company's operating  results  and
financial  condition could be materially adversely affected in the  event
of a major earthquake.

The  Company  plans  to  replace its current transaction  systems  (which
include order management, distribution, manufacturing, and finance)  with
a  single  integrated system as part of its ongoing  effort  to  increase
operational  efficiency.   The  Company's future  operating  results  and
financial  condition  could  be adversely  affected  by  its  ability  to
implement  and  effectively manage the transition to this new  integrated
system.

Because of the foregoing factors, as well as other factors affecting  the
Company's  operating  results  and financial  condition,  past  financial
performance should not be considered to be a reliable indicator of future
performance, and investors should not use historical trends to anticipate
results  or  trends  in  future  periods.   In  addition,  the  Company's
participation  in a highly dynamic industry often results in  significant
volatility of the Company's common stock price.


                                       18
<PAGE>

<TABLE>                                                           
<CAPTION>
Liquidity and Capital Resources                  1994     1993     1992
<S>                                              <C>      <C>      <C>
Cash, cash equivalents, and short-term                                     
  investments, net of short-term   borrowings    $   966  $    69  $ 1,251
Working capital                                  $ 2,532  $ 1,830  $ 2,151
Cash generated by (used for) operations          $   737  $ (651)  $   921
Cash used for investment activities, excluding   
  short-term investments                         $   163  $   228  $   264                            
Cash generated by (used for) financing            
  activities                                     $ (208)  $   336  $ (114) 
</TABLE>                                                          
The  Company's financial position with respect to cash, cash equivalents,
and  short-term investments, net of short-term borrowings,  increased  to
$966  million  at September 30, 1994, from $69 million at  September  24,
1993.   This  increase  reflects  a $300  million  issuance  of  ten-year
unsecured  notes,  the  proceeds  of which  replaced  a  portion  of  the
Company's   short-term  financing.   The  improvement  in  the  Company's
financial  condition  was  also attributable to the  Company's  continued
efforts  to  increase  profit  levels  and  to  manage  working  capital,
particularly in the area of inventory management.

More  cash  was  generated  by operations in  1994  compared  with  1993,
primarily because of a significant  decrease in inventory levels, as well
as  increased sales levels.  The significant decrease in inventory levels
during  1994  resulted  from improved inventory management,  higher  1994
sales levels attributable to various pricing and promotional actions, and
strong  sales  of  new  product inventory which  had  been  built  up  in
preparation  for  the  introduction of Power  Macintosh.   Profit  levels
improved   as   operating  expenses  decreased  due  to   the   Company's
implementation of restructuring actions initiated in the third quarter of
1993.

Cash  generated by operations in 1994 was partially offset by  cash  used
for  restructuring and an increase in accounts receivable.  The  increase
in  accounts  receivable reflected an increase in sales  levels  achieved
during 1994.  The balance of accrued restructuring costs decreased as the
restructuring actions initiated in the third quarter of 1993 continued to
be  implemented.  In addition, in the third quarter of 1994, the  Company
lowered  its estimate of the costs associated with the restructuring  and
recorded  an  adjustment  that  increased income  by  $127  million  ($79
million,  or  $0.66  per share, after taxes).  This adjustment  primarily
reflected  the  modification or cancelation of certain  elements  of  the
Company's  original restructuring plan because of changing  business  and
economic conditions that made certain elements of the restructuring  plan
financially less attractive than originally anticipated.

More  cash  was used for operations in 1993 compared with 1992, primarily
because of a significant increase in inventory levels; decreases  in  net
income,  income  taxes  payable, and other current  liabilities;  and  an
increase  in  accounts receivable levels.  Cash used for  operations  was
offset  slightly by increases in accrued restructuring costs and accounts
payable.

Inventory  increased  substantially during 1993 as  a  result  of  higher
levels  of purchased parts, work in process, and finished goods inventory
in  support  of  an expanded product line and distribution  channels  and
anticipated  higher sales volumes.  The decrease in net  income  resulted
primarily from a reduction in gross margins and the restructuring  charge
included  in operating expenses for the third quarter.  The reduction  in
earnings also contributed to the decrease in income taxes payable.  Other
current  liabilities  decreased  as  the  Company  continued  to   manage
operating   expense   levels.   The  increase  in   accounts   receivable
corresponded  to the higher sales levels achieved in 1993  compared  with
1992,  coupled with slower collections resulting from economic  pressures
in  the  reseller  industry, and the Company's  expansion  into  consumer
channels, where payment terms are generally longer.  These uses  of  cash
were  offset slightly by increases in accrued restructuring  costs  as  a
result of the Company's plan to restructure its operations worldwide  and
increases  in accounts payable, reflecting the higher level of  inventory
purchases.

Excluding short-term investments, net cash used for investments  declined
in  1994  compared  with 1993 and 1992 levels.  Net  cash  used  for  the
purchase of property, plant, and equipment totaled $160 million in 1994,

                                       19
<PAGE>

and was primarily made up of increases in land, buildings, machinery, and
equipment.   The  Company anticipates that capital expenditures  in  1995
will be slightly above 1994 expenditures.

The  Company  leases the majority of its facilities and  certain  of  its
equipment  under noncancelable operating leases.  In 1994,  rent  expense
under all operating leases was approximately $122 million.  The Company's
future  lease  commitments are discussed on  page  38  of  the  Notes  to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

The  Company's balance of long-term debt increased during 1994 due to the
issuance  of  $300 million aggregate principal amount of  6.5%  unsecured
notes  under  an  omnibus  shelf registration statement  filed  with  the
Securities and Exchange Commission.  This shelf registration was for  the
registration  of  debt  and other securities for  an  aggregate  offering
amount  of $500 million.  The notes were sold at 99.925% of par,  for  an
effective  yield  to  maturity of 6.51%.  The notes  pay  interest  semi-
annually and mature on February 15, 2004.  The 6.51% fixed-rate   was
subsequently effectively converted to a floating-rate  through ten-year
interest  rate swaps based on the six-month U.S. dollar London  Interbank
Offered Rate (LIBOR).  The impact of the swaps during 1994 was to  reduce
the 6.51% fixed-rate yield to a 5.62% yield.  To mitigate the credit risk
associated  with  these ten-year swap transactions, the  Company  entered
into  margining  agreements  with  its third-party  bank  counterparties.
Margining  under  these agreements generally does not start  until  1997.
Furthermore,  these agreements would require the Company to  post  margin
only  if certain credit risk thresholds were exceeded.  It is anticipated
that  any margin the Company may be required to post in the future  would
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's liquidity position.

Short-term  borrowings  at September 30, 1994,  were  approximately  $531
million  lower  than  at  September 24, 1993, as the  proceeds  from  the
issuance  of  $300 million in long-term debt were used to  pay  down  the
balance  of  short-term borrowings.  The Company's short-term  borrowings
reflect borrowings made under its commercial paper program and short-term
uncommitted  bid-line  arrangements with certain  commercial  banks.   In
particular, Apple Japan, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the  Company,
incurred  short-term  yen-denominated borrowings  from  several  Japanese
banks  during  1994,  the  balance of which aggregated  the  U.S.  dollar
equivalent  of approximately $202 million at September 30, 1994.   During
the  first quarter of 1994, the Company also entered into a 364-day  $500
million  committed revolving credit facility which terminated on December
8, 1994, with a syndicate of banks primarily in support of its commercial
paper program.  No borrowings  were made under this facility.

The  Company expects that it will continue to incur short- and  long-term
borrowings  from time to time to finance U.S. working capital  needs  and
capital  expenditures,  because a substantial portion  of  the  Company's
cash,  cash  equivalents, and short-term investments is held by  foreign
subsidiaries,  generally  in U.S. dollar-denominated  holdings.   Amounts
held  by  foreign  subsidiaries would be subject to U.S. income  taxation
upon   repatriation  to  the  United  States;  the  Company's   financial
statements  fully provide for any related tax liability on  amounts  that
may be repatriated.  Refer to the Income Taxes footnote on pages 35-36 of 
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion.

The  Company  believes that its balances of cash, cash  equivalents,  and
short-term investments, together with funds generated from operations and
short-  and long-term borrowing capabilities, will be sufficient to  meet
its operating cash requirements on a short- and long-term basis.













                                       20
<PAGE>

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data


<TABLE>                                                       
<CAPTION>
                                                              
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                     Page
<S>                                                            <C>
Financial Statements:                                            
Report of Ernst & Young LLP, Independent Auditors              22 
Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 1994 and            
  September 24, 1993                                           23
Consolidated Statements of Income for the three fiscal years     
  ended September 30, 1994                                     24
Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the          
  three fiscal years ended September 30, 1994                  25
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the three fiscal       
  years ended September 30, 1994                               26
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements                     27                   
Selected Quarterly Financial Information (Unaudited)           41            
Financial Statement Schedules:                                   
For the three fiscal years ended September 30, 1994              
   Schedule II - Amounts receivable from related parties and     
                 underwriters, promoters and employees         
                 other than related parties                    S-1
   Schedule VIII - Valuation and qualifying accounts and       
                   reserves                                    S-3
   Schedule IX - Short-term borrowings                         S-4
   Schedule X - Supplementary income statement information     S-5
</TABLE>                                                         
All other schedules have been omitted, since the required information  is
not present or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission
of  the schedule, or because the information required is included in  the
Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes thereto.



























                                       21
<PAGE>

REPORT OF ERNST & YOUNG LLP, INDEPENDENT AUDITORS

The Shareholders and Board of Directors of Apple Computer, Inc.

We  have  audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets  of  Apple
Computer, Inc. as of September 30, 1994 and September 24, 1993,  and  the
related consolidated statements of income, shareholders' equity, and cash
flows for each of the three years in the period ended September 30, 1994.
Our  audits also included the financial statement schedules listed in the
Index  to  Consolidated Financial Statements.  These financial statements
and  schedules  are the responsibility of the Company's management.   Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements and
schedules based on our audits.

We  conducted  our audits in accordance with generally accepted  auditing
standards.  Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to
obtain  reasonable assurance about whether the financial  statements  are
free  of material misstatement.  An audit includes examining, on  a  test
basis,  evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures  in the financial
statements.   An audit also includes assessing the accounting  principles
used  and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall financial statement presentation.  We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In  our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to  above
present  fairly,  in  all  material respects, the consolidated  financial
position of Apple Computer, Inc. at September 30, 1994 and September  24,
1993,  and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash  flows
for  each  of the three years in the period ended September 30, 1994,  in
conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.  Also,  in  our
opinion,  the  related financial statement schedules, when considered  in
relation  to  the  basic financial statements taken as a  whole,  present
fairly in all material respects the information set forth therein.





                                                    /s/ Ernst & Young LLP
                                                        Ernst & Young LLP
                                                                         
San Jose, California
October 17, 1994






















                                       22
<PAGE>

Consolidated Balance Sheets
                                        
                                                   (Dollars in thousands)

<TABLE>                                                       
<CAPTION>
September 30, 1994, and September 24, 1993             1994             1993
<S>                                              <C>             <C>
Assets:                                                       
Current assets:                                               
  Cash and cash equivalents                      $ 1,203,488     $   676,413
  Short-term investments                              54,368         215,890
  Accounts receivable, net of allowance for                                      
   doubtful accounts of $90,992 ($83,776 in 1993)  1,581,347       1,381,946
  Inventories                                      1,088,434       1,506,638
  Deferred tax assets                                293,048         268,085
  Other current assets                               255,767         289,383
    Total current assets                           4,476,452       4,338,355
Property, plant, and equipment:                                                
  Land and buildings                                 484,592         404,688
  Machinery and equipment                            572,728         578,272
  Office furniture and equipment                     158,160         167,905
  Leasehold improvements                             236,708         261,792
                                                   1,452,188       1,412,657
   Accumulated depreciation and amortization       (785,088)       (753,111)
    Net property, plant, and equipment               667,100         659,546
Other assets                                         159,194         173,511
                                                 $ 5,302,746     $ 5,171,412

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity:                                          
Current liabilities:                                                           
  Short-term borrowings                          $   292,200     $   823,182
  Accounts payable                                   881,717         742,622
  Accrued compensation and employee benefits         136,895         144,779
  Accrued marketing and distribution                 178,294         174,547
  Accrued restructuring costs                         58,238         307,932
  Other current liabilities                          396,961         315,023
    Total current liabilities                      1,944,305       2,508,085
Long-term debt                                       304,472           7,117
Deferred tax liabilities                             670,668         629,832
Commitments and contingencies                                                  
Shareholders' equity:                                                          
  Common stock, no par value; 320,000,000 shares                                  
   authorized; 119,542,527 shares   issued and        
   outstanding in 1994 (116,147,035 shares in 
   1993)                                             297,929         203,613 
  Retained earnings                                2,096,206       1,842,600
  Accumulated translation adjustment                (10,834)        (19,835)
    Total shareholders' equity                     2,383,301       2,026,378
                                                 $ 5,302,746     $ 5,171,412
</TABLE>                                                                       
See accompanying notes.

                                        
                                        
                                       23
<PAGE>

Consolidated Statements of Income
                                        
                                   (In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>                                                      
<CAPTION>
Three fiscal years ended                  1994          1993          1992
September 30, 1994
<S>                                <C>           <C>           <C>       
Net sales                          $ 9,188,748   $ 7,976,954   $ 7,086,542
Costs and expenses:                                                       
  Cost of sales                      6,844,915     5,248,834     3,991,337
  Research and development             564,303       664,564       602,135
  Selling, general and                 
   administrative                    1,384,111     1,632,362     1,687,262
  Restructuring costs                (126,855)       320,856            --
                                     8,666,474     7,866,616     6,280,734
Operating income                       522,274       110,338       805,808
Interest and other income             
  (expense), net                      (21,988)        29,321        49,634 
Income before income taxes             500,286       139,659       855,442
Provision  for income taxes            190,108        53,070       325,069
Net income                         $   310,178   $    86,589   $   530,373                                                    
Earnings  per common and common                                            
 equivalent share                  $      2.61   $       .73   $      4.33
Common and common equivalent                                               
 shares used in the calculations
 of earnings per share                 118,735       119,125       122,490

</TABLE>                                                                  

See accompanying notes.
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       24
<PAGE>

Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity
                                        
                                   (In thousands, except per share amounts)
                                        
<TABLE>                                          Accu-
<CAPTION>                                        mulated  Notes
                                                 Trans-   Receivable Total
                                                 lation   from       Share-
                     Common Stock      Retained  Adjust-  Share-     holders'
                  Shares    Amount     Earnings  ment     holders    Equity
<S>              <C>     <C>         <C>        <C>       <C>      <C>
Balance at
September 27,
1991            118,386 $ 278,865  $1,492,024  $ (2,377) $ (1,836) $1,766,676

Common stock
issued under
stock option
and purchase
plans, including
related
tax benefits      4,093   155,388          --         --        --    155,388

Repurchase of
common stock    (4,000) (151,943)    (60,682)         --        --  (212,625)

Repayment of notes
receivable from       
shareholders        --         --          --         --     1,836      1,836

Cash dividends of
$.48 per common
share               --         --    (57,196)         --        --   (57,196)

Accumulated
translation
adjustment          --         --          --      2,918        --      2,918

Net income          --         --     530,373         --        --    530,373

Balance at
September 25,
1992           118,479    282,310   1,904,519        541        --  2,187,370

Common stock
issued under
stock option
and purchase
plans, including
related
tax benefits     2,693    101,842          --         --        --    101,842

Repurchase of
common stock   (5,025)  (180,539)    (92,915)         --        --  (273,454)

Cash dividends of
$.48 per common
share               --         --    (55,593)         --        --   (55,593)

Accumulated
translation
adjustment          --         --          --   (20,376)        --   (20,376)

Net income          --         --      86,589         --        --     86,589

Balance at
September 24,    
1993           116,147    203,613   1,842,600   (19,835)        --  2,026,378

Common stock
issued under
stock option
and purchase
plans, including
related
tax benefits     3,396     94,316          --         --        --     94,316

Cash dividends of
$.48 per common
share               --         --    (56,572)         --        --   (56,572)

Accumulated
translation
adjustment          --         --          --      9,001        --      9,001

Net income          --         --     310,178         --        --    310,178

Balance at
September 30,    
1994           119,543  $ 297,929  $2,096,206 $ (10,834)     $  -- $2,383,301
</TABLE>
                                                                              
See accompanying notes.
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       25
<PAGE>

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
                                                           (In thousands)
                                        
<TABLE>                                                                   
<CAPTION>
Three fiscal years ended                  1994          1993          1992
  September 30, 1994
<S>                               <C>            <C>           <C>     
Cash and cash equivalents,        
 beginning of the period          $    676,413   $   498,557   $   604,147
Operations:                                                               
  Net income                           310,178        86,589       530,373
  Adjustments to reconcile net                                              
    income to cash generated by  
    (used for) operations:
    Depreciation and amortization      167,958       166,113       217,182
    Net book value of property,                                             
     plant, and equipment retirements   11,130        13,145        14,687
  Changes in assets and liabilities:
    Accounts receivable              (199,401)     (294,761)     (180,026)
    Inventories                        418,204     (926,541)        91,558
    Deferred tax assets               (24,963)      (68,946)        23,841
    Other current assets                33,616      (96,314)      (87,376)
    Accounts payable                   139,095       315,686        69,852
    Income taxes payable                50,045      (54,724)       100,361
    Accrued restructuring costs      (249,694)       202,894      (57,327)
    Other current liabilities           39,991      (13,383)        96,915
    Deferred tax liabilities            40,836        19,029       100,933
        Cash  generated by (used       
         for) operations               736,995     (651,213)       920,973
                                                                          
Investments:                                                              
  Purchase of short-term             
   investments                       (312,073)   (1,431,998)   (2,121,341)
  Proceeds from sale of short-term     
   investments                         473,595     2,153,051     1,472,970
  Purchase of property, plant, and   
   equipment                         (159,587)     (213,118)     (194,853)
  Other                                (3,737)      (15,169)      (69,410)
        Cash generated by (used         
         for) investment activities    (1,802)       492,766     (912,634)
                                                                          
Financing:                                                                
  Increase (decrease) in short-term    
   borrowings                        (530,982)       638,721        35,895
  Increase (decrease) in long-term        
   borrowings                          297,355      (10,624)         (391)
  Increases in common stock, net of
   related tax benefits and changes        
   in notes receivable from
   shareholders                         82,081        85,289       120,388
  Repurchase of common stock                --     (273,454)     (212,625)
  Cash dividends                      (56,572)      (55,593)      (57,196)
  Other                                     --      (48,036)            --
        Cash generated by (used    
         for) financing activities   (208,118)       336,303     (113,929)
                                                                          
Total cash generated (used)            527,075       177,856     (105,590)
Cash and cash equivalents, end of            
 the period                        $ 1,203,488   $   676,413   $   498,557
                                                                            
Supplemental cash flow disclosures:
 Cash paid during the year for:                                          
   Interest                        $    34,387   $    11,748   $     8,778
   Income taxes, net               $    45,692   $   226,080   $    97,667
Schedule of non-cash transactions:
 Tax benefit from stock options    $    12,235   $    16,553   $    36,836
                               
</TABLE>                                                                  
See accompanying notes.
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       26
<PAGE>

Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Summary of Significant Accounting Policies
_________________________________________________________________________

Basis of Presentation
The  consolidated  financial statements include  the  accounts  of  Apple
Computer,   Inc.  and  its  wholly  owned  subsidiaries  (the   Company).
Intercompany  accounts  and  transactions  have  been  eliminated.    The
Company's fiscal year-end is the last Friday in September.

Revenue Recognition
The  Company  recognizes  revenue  at  the  time  products  are  shipped.
Provisions  are  made currently for estimated product returns  and  price
protection  that may occur under Company programs.  Historically,  actual
amounts recorded for product returns and price protection have not varied
significantly from estimated amounts.

Warranty Expense
The  Company  provides  currently for the  estimated  cost  that  may  be
incurred under product warranties when products are shipped.

Foreign Currency 
Gains  and  losses  resulting  from  foreign  currency  translation   are
accumulated  as  a separate component of shareholders' equity  until  the
foreign  entity  is sold or liquidated. Gains and losses  resulting  from
foreign  currency  transactions are  included  in  the consolidated 
statements of income.


Financial Instruments

All highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less  at
the  date  of purchase are considered to be cash equivalents; investments
with  maturities  between three and twelve months are  considered  to  be
short-term  investments.  A substantial portion of  the  Company's  cash,
cash   equivalents,  and  short-term  investments  is  held  by   foreign
subsidiaries and is generally based in U.S. dollar-denominated  holdings.
Amounts  held  by foreign subsidiaries would be subject  to  U.S.  income
taxation  upon repatriation to the United States; the Company's financial
statements  fully provide for any related tax liability on  amounts  that
may  be  repatriated, aside from undistributed earnings that are intended
to be indefinitely invested.

The  Company  has  not  elected early adoption  of  Financial  Accounting
Standard No. 115 (FAS 115), "Accounting for Certain Investments  in  Debt
and  Equity  Securities".  FAS 115 becomes effective beginning  with  the
Company's  first quarter of fiscal year 1995.   The principal  impact  of
the  new  statement is to replace the historical cost accounting approach
for  certain investments in debt and equity securities with one based  on
fair  value. The Company does not expect adoption of FAS 115  to  have  a
material effect on its financial position or results of operations.

For  further information regarding the Company's accounting treatment  of
other  financial and derivative instruments, refer to pages 28-31  of
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income Taxes
Effective  September  25, 1993, the Company adopted Financial  Accounting
Standard No. 109 (FAS 109), "Accounting for Income Taxes," which  changes
the method of accounting for income taxes from the deferred method to the
liability  method.  This change in accounting principle has been  adopted
on a prospective basis, and the financial statements of years ended prior
to  September 25, 1993, have not been restated.  The cumulative effect of
the  change  was  not material.  Under FAS 109, deferred tax  assets  and
liabilities   reflect  the  future  income  tax  effects   of   temporary
differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of  existing
assets  and  liabilities and their respective tax  bases.   Deferred  tax
assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates that apply to
taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are

                                       27
<PAGE>

expected  to  be  recovered or settled. Under  FAS  109,  the  effect  on
deferred  tax  assets  and  liabilities of  a  change  in  tax  rates  is
recognized  in  income in the period that includes  the  enactment  date.
Prior  to  1994,  the  Company  accounted  for  income  taxes  under  the
provisions of APB Opinion No. 11, which recognized deferred taxes for the
effect of timing differences between pretax accounting income and taxable
income.  Under the deferred method of APB Opinion No. 11, deferred  taxes
were not adjusted for subsequent changes in tax rates.

U.S.  income taxes have not been provided on a cumulative total  of  $335
million  of  undistributed earnings of certain of the  Company's  foreign
subsidiaries.   It is intended that these earnings will  be  indefinitely
invested  in operations outside the United States.  It is not practicable
to  determine  the income tax liability that might be incurred  if  these
earnings  were to be distributed.  Except for such indefinitely  invested
earnings,  the Company provides federal and state income taxes  currently
on undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries.

Earnings per Share
Earnings  per  share are computed using the weighted  average  number  of
common  and  dilutive  common  equivalent shares  attributable  to  stock
options outstanding during the period.  Loss per share is computed  using
the  weighted  average  number of common shares  outstanding  during  the
period.

Inventories
Inventories  are  stated  at the lower of cost (first-in,  first-out)  or
market.   If  the  cost  of the inventories exceeds their  market  value,
provisions are made currently for the difference between the cost and the
market value.

Property, Plant, and Equipment
Property,  plant,  and  equipment is stated at  cost.   Depreciation  and
amortization  is computed by use of the declining balance  and  straight-
line methods over the estimated useful lives of the assets.

Reclassifications
Certain prior year amounts on the Consolidated Balance Sheets,
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, Industry Segment and Geographic
Information, and Income Taxes footnotes have been reclassified to conform
to the current year presentation.

Financial Instruments
___________________________________________________________________________

Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk

In the ordinary course of business and as part of the Company's asset and
liability   management,  the  Company  enters  into  various   types   of
transactions that involve contracts and financial instruments  with  off-
balance-sheet  risk.   These instruments are entered  into  in  order  to
manage  financial  market  risk,  including  interest  rate  and  foreign
exchange risk.  The Company enters into these financial instruments  with
major international financial institutions utilizing over-the-counter  as
opposed to exchange traded instruments.

Interest Rate Derivatives

The  Company  enters  into interest rate derivatives, including  interest
rate  swaps, swaptions, and options, with financial institutions in  order
to  better match the Company's floating-rate interest income on its  cash
equivalents  and  short-term investments with  the  fixed-rate  interest
expense of its long-term debt.  These instruments are also used to extend
the   effective  duration  of  a  portion  of  the  Company's  short-term
investment  portfolio up to a maximum duration of  three  years,  and  to
diversify  a  portion of its exposure away from changes in U.S.  interest
rates.






                                       28
<PAGE>

Foreign Currency Instruments

The  Company  enters into foreign exchange forward and  option  contracts
with   financial  institutions  primarily  to  protect  against  currency
exchange risks associated with certain firmly committed and certain other
probable,  but not firmly committed transactions.  The Company's  foreign
exchange risk management policy requires it to hedge substantially all of
its  material  foreign  exchange  transaction  exposures.   However,  the
Company  does  not  hedge certain foreign exchange transaction  exposures
that are immaterial either in terms of their minimal U.S dollar value  or
in terms of their high correlation with the U.S. dollar.

Anticipated  transactions  comprise sales of the  Company's  products  in
currencies  other  than the U.S. dollar.  A majority  of  these  non-U.S.
dollar-based sales are made through the Company's subsidiaries in Europe,
Asia  (particularly Japan), Canada, and Australia. The duration of  these
anticipated  hedging transactions does not exceed one year.  The  Company
also  sells  foreign  exchange option contracts, in  order  to  partially
finance  the purchase of foreign exchange option contracts used to  hedge
both  firmly  committed  and  certain  other  probable,  but  not  firmly
committed  transactions.  The Company enters into other foreign  exchange
transactions, which are intended to reduce the costs associated with  its
foreign exchange risk management programs.

Fair Value, Notional  Principal, and Credit Risk Amounts

The table below shows the notional principal, fair value, and credit risk
amounts  of  the Company's interest rate derivative and foreign  currency
instruments as of September 30, 1994.  The notional principal amounts for
off-balance-sheet  instruments provide one  measure  of  the  transaction
volume outstanding as of year end, and do not represent the amount of the
Company's  exposure  to credit or market loss.  The  credit  risk  amount
shown  in  the  table below represents the Company's  gross  exposure  to
potential  accounting  loss on these transactions if  all  counterparties
failed to perform according to the terms of the contract, based on  then-
current  currency  exchange and interest rates at each  respective  date.
The Company's exposure to credit loss and market risk will vary over time
as a function of interest rates and currency exchange rates.

The  estimates  of fair value are based on applicable and  commonly  used
pricing  models  using  prevailing financial  market  information  as  of
September  30, 1994.  In certain instances where judgment is required  in
estimating  fair value, price quotes were obtained from  several  of  the
Company's counterparty financial institutions.  Although the table  below
reflects the notional principal, fair value, and credit risk  amounts  of
the  Company's  interest  rate and foreign  exchange instruments, it does 
not reflect the gains or losses associated with  the exposures  and  
transactions that the interest rate and foreign  exchange instruments are 
intended to hedge.  The amounts ultimately realized  upon settlement  of 
these financial instruments, together with the  gains  and losses  on  the  
underlying  exposures,  will  depend  on  actual  market conditions during 
the remaining life of the instruments.
















                                       29
<PAGE>


<TABLE>                                                     (in millions)
<CAPTION>
                               1994                    1993(A)
                                                                      
                                               Credit                  Credit
                            Notional   Fair    Risk    Notional  Fair  Risk
                            Principal  Value   Amount  Principal Value Amount
                                                 
Transactions Qualifying as Accounting Hedges
<S>                           <C>      <C>      <C>     <C>      <C>    <C>
Interest rate instruments                                                 
  Swaps                     $  699    $ (40)      --         --    --      --                                
Foreign exchange instruments                                             
  Spot / Forward contracts  $2,385    $ (23)    $ 15    $ 2,114  $  6   $  19
  Purchased options         $1,510    $   17    $ 21    $ 1,637  $ 28   $  33  
  Sold options              $  302    $  (1)      --    $   765  --(B)     --
                                                                                          
Transactions Other Than Accounting Hedges
                                                                          
Interest rate instruments                                                 
  Swaps                        --        --      --     $   112  --(B)     --
  Sold options              $  148     --(B)     --     $    67  --(B)     --
Foreign exchange instruments                                             
  Spot / Forward contracts  $  300     --(B)   --(B)    $   574  $  2   $  10
  Purchased options         $1,600    $   32   $ 32     $ 1,608  $ 24   $  24
  Sold options              $5,511    $ (45)     --     $ 5,282  $(39)     --

</TABLE>                                                                  
(A) Adjusted to conform with current year presentation.
(B) Fair value is less than $0.5 million.

The  interest rate swaps shown above generally require the Company to pay
a  floating interest rate based on three- or six-month U.S. dollar  LIBOR
and  receive a fixed rate of interest based on two-, three-, and ten-year
swap   rates  without  exchanges  of  the  underlying  notional  amounts.
Maturity  dates for interest rate swaps currently range from one  to  ten
years.   Interest  rate  option contracts require  the  Company  to  make
payments  should certain interest rates either fall below or  rise  above
predetermined levels.  All interest rate option contracts outstanding  at
September 30, 1994, expire within 18 months.

Interest rate contracts not accounted for as hedges are carried  at  fair
value  with  gains  and losses recorded currently in income.   Unrealized
gains  and  losses  on interest rate contracts that  are  designated  and
effective  as hedges are deferred and recognized in income  in  the  same
period  as  the hedged transaction.  Unrealized losses on such agreements
totaled  approximately  $40  million at  September  30,  1994,  primarily
reflecting  the  net present value of unrealized losses on  the  ten-year
swap  contracts, which effectively convert the Company's fixed-rate  ten-
year debt to floating-rate debt.  There were no deferred gains and losses
on interest rate contracts as of September 24, 1993.

The  foreign exchange forward contracts not accounted for as  hedges  are
carried  at  fair  value  and are adjusted each balance  sheet  date  for
changes  in  exchange  rates.  Unrealized gains  and  losses  on  foreign
exchange  forward contracts that are designated and effective  as  hedges
are  deferred and recognized in income in the same period as  the  hedged
transactions.  Deferred gains and losses on such agreements at  September
30,  1994,  and  at  September 24, 1993, were  immaterial.   All  foreign
exchange forward contracts expire within one year.

Purchased  and  sold foreign exchange option contracts that  qualify  for
hedge  accounting  treatment are reported on the  balance  sheet  at  the
premium cost, which is amortized over the life of the option.  Unrealized
gains  and  losses  on  these option contracts  are  deferred  until  the
occurrence of the hedged transaction and recognized as a


                                       30
<PAGE>

component of the hedged transaction.  Deferred gains and losses  on  such
agreements  were immaterial at September 30, 1994, and at  September  24,
1993.   Maturity  dates for purchased foreign exchange  option  contracts
range from one to twelve months.

Purchased and sold foreign exchange option contracts that do not  qualify
for  hedge accounting treatment are carried at fair value and,  as  such,
are  adjusted  each  balance sheet date for changes  in  exchange  rates.
Gains and losses associated with these financial instruments are recorded
currently in income.  As of September 30, 1994, maturity dates for  these
sold option contracts ranged from one to six months.

The  Company  monitors its interest rate and foreign  exchange  positions
daily  based upon applicable  and  commonly used  pricing models.  The 
correlation between the changes  in  the  fair value  of  hedging  
instruments and the changes in the underlying  hedged items  is  assessed 
periodically over the life of the hedged  instrument.  In  the  event  that
it is determined that a hedge is  ineffective,  the Company recognizes in 
income the change in market value of the instrument beginning  on  the  date
it  was  no longer  an  effective  hedge.   

Other Financial Instruments

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of the Company's other financial
instruments are as follows:
<TABLE>                                                 (in millions)
<CAPTION>                        1994                   1993
                           Carrying       Fair    Carrying       Fair
                             Amount      Value      Amount      Value
<S>                        <C>           <C>         <C>         <C>
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 1,203       $ 1,203     $ 676      $ 676           
Short-term investments     $    54       $    54     $ 216      $ 216
Short-term borrowings      $   292       $   292     $ 823      $ 823
Long-term debt:                                                      
  Ten-year unsecured notes $   300       $   259        --         --
  Other                    $     4       $     4     $   7      $   7
                                             
</TABLE>                                                             
Short-term  investments are carried at cost plus accrued interest,  which
approximates  fair  value.  The carrying amount of short-term  borrowings
approximates  their fair value due to their short-term  maturities.   The
fair  value  of  the ten-year unsecured notes is based  on  their  listed
market value as of September 30, 1994.  

Concentrations of Credit Risk
_________________________________________________________________________

The  Company  distributes  its products principally  through  third-party
computer   resellers   and  various  education  and  consumer   channels.
Concentrations  of  credit  risk with respect to  trade  receivables  are
limited  because  of  flooring arrangements for selected  customers  with
third-party  financing companies and because the Company's customer  base
consists  of large numbers of geographically diverse customers  dispersed
across  several  industries.   As such, the Company  generally  does  not
require collateral from its customers.

The   counterparties  to  the  agreements  relating  to   the   Company's
investments and foreign exchange and interest rate instruments consist of
a number of major international financial institutions.  To date, no such
counterparty has failed to meet its financial obligations to the Company.
The  Company  does  not  believe  that  there  is  significant  risk   of
nonperformance  by  these counterparties because the Company  continually
monitors its positions and the credit ratings of such counterparties, and
limits  the financial exposure and the amount of agreements and contracts
it  enters  into  with  any one party.  The Company  generally  does  not
require  collateral  from counterparties, except  for  margin  agreements
associated  with the ten-year interest rate swaps on the Company's  long-
term  debt.   To mitigate the credit risk associated with these  ten-year
swap transactions, the Company entered into margining agreements with its
third-party  bank  counterparties.   Margining  under  these   agreements
generally does not start until 1997.  Furthermore, these agreements would
require  the Company or the counterparty to post margin only  if  certain
credit risk thresholds were exceeded.
                                       31
<PAGE>
                                        
<TABLE>                                                      
<CAPTION>
Inventories                                                           
Inventories consist of the following:                    (In thousands)
                                                                
                                                     1994         1993
<S>                                            <C>          <C>     
Purchased parts                                $  469,420   $  504,201                                                       
Work in process                                   206,654      284,440
Finished goods                                    412,360      717,997
                                               $1,088,434   $1,506,638
                                                                   
</TABLE>                                                              

Borrowings
_________________________________________________________________________

<TABLE>                                                              
<CAPTION>                                                  (In thousands)
Short-Term Borrowings                                         
                                                         1994        1993
<S>                                                <C>        <C>          
Commercial paper                                   $   89,817  $  823,182
Notes payable to banks                                202,383          --
                                                   $  292,200  $  823,182
</TABLE>                                                      
The  weighted  average interest rates for commercial paper borrowings  at
September 30, 1994, and September 24, 1993, were approximately  5.0%  and
3.3%, respectively.  The weighted average interest rate for the  Japanese
yen-denominated  notes  payable  to banks  at  September  30,  1994,  was
approximately 2.6%.  Interest expense on short-term borrowings was  $24.9
million,  $8.9  million, and  $6.5 million  for  1994,  1993,  and  1992,
respectively.

On  December  9,  1993, the Company entered into a 364-day  $500  million
committed  revolving-credit facility with a syndicate of banks  primarily
in  support of its commercial paper program.  This facility terminated on
December 8, 1994.  No borrowings  were made under this facility.
The cost of this facility was immaterial.

Long-Term Debt

On February 10, 1994, the Company issued $300 million aggregate principal
amount  of 6.5% unsecured notes under the Company's $500 million  omnibus
shelf  registration  statement filed with  the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission.   The  notes were sold at 99.925% of par,  for  an  effective
yield  to  maturity  of 6.51%.  The notes pay interest semi-annually  and
mature  on February 15, 2004.  Interest expense on the ten-year unsecured
notes   for  the  year  ended September 30, 1994, was  approximately  $12
million.  Other long-term debt of approximately $4 million and $7
million at September 30, 1994, and September 24, 1993, respectively,  and
the  related interest expense in each of the three years ended  September
30, 1994, was immaterial.

For  information regarding the Company's estimated fair value  of  short-
and  long-term  debt,  refer  to page 31 of  the  Notes  to  Consolidated
Financial Statements.

                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       32
<PAGE>

Restructuring of Operations
________________________________________________________________________

In  the  third quarter of 1993, the Company initiated a plan to restructure
its operations worldwide in order to address the competitive conditions  in
the  personal computer industry, including the increased market demand  for
lower-priced products.  In connection with this plan, the Company  recorded
a  $321  million charge to operating expenses ($199 million, or  $1.72  per
share,  after  taxes).  The restructuring costs included  $162  million  of
estimated   employee-related  expenses  and  $159  million   of   estimated
facilities, equipment, and other expenses associated with the consolidation
of  operations and the relocation and termination of certain operations and
employees.   The restructuring plan originally contemplated the termination
or relocation of approximately 4,150 employees worldwide and the reduction
in  worldwide office space, which primarily consisted of approximately  1.6
million  square feet of office space in the San Francisco Bay  Area, within
one year from the date the restructuring was initiated.

In the third quarter of 1994, the Company lowered its estimate of the total
costs  associated  with the restructuring and recorded an  adjustment  that
increased  income by $127 million ($79 million, or $0.66 per  share,  after
taxes).    This   adjustment  primarily  reflected  the   modification   or
cancelation  of  certain  elements of the Company's original  restructuring
plan because of changing business and economic conditions that made certain
elements  of  the  restructuring plan  financially  less attractive  than  
originally anticipated.  In addition, some  actions  were completed at a 
lower cost than originally estimated.

The  most  significant element of the adjustment was  associated  with  $61
million  in  costs accrued to terminate or move a number of employees  from
the  San Francisco Bay Area to a lower-cost location.  This element of  the
Company's   restructuring plan  was  expected  to  result  in  the
termination or relocation of approximately 2,000 employees and the  closure
of  certain  leased facilities, at a cost of $39 million and  $22  million,
respectively.   However, the expected benefits of this  move  were  reduced
since  the  plan's  inception because of changes to the  cost  differential
between the Company's current and alternative locations.  For example,  the
Company favorably renegotiated the lease terms of certain facilities in its
current  locations, the salary growth rate differentials  between  the  Bay
Area  and  alternative locations were reduced, and recent  changes  to  the
California  income  tax laws made it more attractive for  companies  to  do
business  in  California.  The Company canceled this action  in  the  third
quarter  of 1994, when management decided that the extended estimated  pay-
back  period  no  longer  justified the initial  cash  investment  and  the
unquantifiable  cost  of  business  disruption  that  such  a  move   would
precipitate.

At  the  end  of fiscal year 1994, approximately 1,760 employees  had  been
terminated  and  approximately 80 had been relocated, and the  Company  had
reduced  its  use of office space in the Bay Area by approximately  867,000
square feet.

At the time the restructuring was announced, management had publicly set  a
goal  of  reducing  operating  costs below $500  million  per  quarter  and
increasing sales significantly to achieve acceptable profitability.   These
goals were met by the end of the third quarter of fiscal 1994.  The Company
continues  to  search  for ways to permanently reduce its  cost  structure.  
Although  the  Company  has achieved a lower level  of  operating  expenses
without  fully implementing all of the restructuring actions as  originally
planned, there can be no assurance that this level of operating expenses will
be maintained in the future.  For example, operating expenses (excluding 
restructure)  in  1994 were  reduced  by  $349  million, or 15%, compared 
with  1993,  despite  an increase in net sales of 15%.

As  of  September  30,  1994,  the  Company  had  $58  million  of  accrued
restructuring costs for actions that are currently under way  and  expected
to  be  completed during 1995.  Approximately $52 million of  this  accrual
represents cash charges primarily for estimated facilities, equipment,  and
other  expenses,  the majority of which are expected to be incurred  during
1995.  Cash spending beyond one year primarily relates to approximately  $6
million of recurring payments under certain noncancelable operating leases.





                                       33
<PAGE>


The  following table depicts a roll-forward reconciliation of the  activity
in  the restructuring accrual balance from September 24, 1993, to September
30, 1994:

                                                                  
                                                             (in thousands)
                                                        
                                   Balance at                    Balance at
                                   Sept. 24,            Adjust-  Sept. 30,
Category                           1993       Spending   ments   1994
                                                                       
Employee termination payments(C)   $  84,062 $  42,376 $  30,933  $ 10,753
Other costs relating to terminated     
 employees (B)                         4,282     3,227     1,055        --
Provisions relating to employees      
 who will not be terminated (C)       41,818     8,536    28,603     4,679
Termination payments for leases and   
 other contracts (C)                  92,736    32,907    39,728    20,101
Write-down of operating assets to    
 be sold (N)                          16,864     9,748     5,925     1,191
Provisions for litigation (C)          3,600        --     1,856     1,744
R&D project cancelations (C)          14,858     7,043     1,624     6,191
Other provisions and write-downs (B)  31,863    10,254     8,875    12,734
1991 accrued restructuring costs (B)  17,849     8,748     8,256       845
                                        
                                   $ 307,932 $ 122,839 $ 126,855  $ 58,238
                                                                       
(C): Cash; (N): Noncash; (B): Both cash and noncash

Interest and Other Income (Expense), Net
___________________________________________________________________________

Interest and other income (expense), net, consists of the following:
                                                      
                                                       (In thousands)
                                                         
                                        1994        1993        1992

Interest income                   $   43,284  $   70,225   $  71,686
Interest expense                    (39,653)    (11,800)     (8,708)
Discount on foreign         
  exchange instruments              (34,304)    (31,803)    (27,062)
Other income (expense), net            8,685       2,699      13,718
                                                            
                                  $ (21,988)  $   29,321   $  49,634
                            
















                                       34
<PAGE>


<TABLE>                                                        
<CAPTION>
Income Taxes                                                            

The provision for income taxes consists of the following:                                    
                                                           
                                                           (In thousands)  
                                         
                                    FAS 109 Method          APB 11 Method            
                                           1994          1993          1992
<S>                                  <C>             <C>         <C>
Federal:                                                                 
  Current                            $   60,757      $  13,637   $  108,512                                                      
  Deferred                               19,673       (23,757)      100,355
                                         80,430       (10,120)      208,867
State:                                                                    
  Current                                 5,769          3,144       26,935
  Deferred                               20,352            633       13,891
                                         26,121          3,777       40,826
Foreign:                                                                 
  Current                                71,095         39,512       65,144
  Deferred                               12,462         19,901       10,232
                                         83,557         59,413       75,376
                                                                          
Provision for income taxes           $  190,108      $  53,070   $  325,069
                                                       
</TABLE>                                                                 
The  foreign  provision  for  income taxes is  based  on  foreign  pretax
earnings of approximately $474 million, $416 million, and $611 million in
1994, 1993, and 1992, respectively.  The tax benefit credited directly to
common  stock   as  a  result  of compensation  expense  attributable  to
employee  stock  option  and  purchase plans recognized  differently  for
financial reporting and tax purposes was $11 million in 1994.

As  discussed  in  the  Summary of Significant Accounting  Policies,  the
Company adopted FAS 109 effective as of the beginning of the fiscal  year
ended  September  30,  1994.  Prior to 1994, the  Company  accounted  for
income taxes under the provisions of APB Opinion No. 11.  Under FAS  109,
deferred tax assets and liabilities reflect the future income tax effects
of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts
of assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.

At  September  30,  1994,  the significant components  of  the  Company's
deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:
<TABLE>                                 
<CAPTION>
                                                 
                                                (In thousands)  
                                                                          
                                            September 30, 1994
<S>                                                <C>
Deferred tax assets:
  Accounts receivable and inventory reserves       $  140,842
  Accrued liabilities and other reserves              125,402
  Basis of capital assets and investments              66,256
Total deferred tax assets                             332,500
Less: Valuation allowance                              10,948
Net deferred tax assets                               321,552
                                                      
Deferred tax liabilities:                             
  Unremitted earnings of subsidiaries                 656,806
  Other                                                28,791
Total deferred tax liabilities                        685,597
                                                      
Net deferred tax liability                         $  364,045
</TABLE>                                           
The  net  change  in  the  total valuation allowance  for  the  year  ended
September 30, 1994, was an increase of $11 million.
                                       
                                     35
<PAGE>

Under APB Opinion No. 11, deferred income taxes result from timing
differences between years in the recognition of certain revenue and expense
items for financial and tax reporting purposes.  The sources of timing
differences and the related tax effects for 1993 and 1992 are as follows:
<TABLE>                                                  
<CAPTION>                                           (In thousands)
                                               1993         1992
<S>                                         <C>         <C>            
Income of foreign subsidiaries not      
  taxable in current year                   $  53,150    $  71,429 
Warranty, bad debt, and other expenses       (80,126)       35,494
Depreciation                                  (3,796)      (3,398)
Inventory valuation                          (16,835)      (1,940)
State income taxes                              2,607     (10,959)
Other individually immaterial items            41,777       33,852
Total deferred taxes                        $ (3,223)    $ 124,478
                                           
</TABLE>                                                      
A  reconciliation  of  the provision for income taxes,  with  the  amount
computed  by  applying the statutory federal income tax rate  (35.00%  in
1994,  34.75% in 1993, and 34.00% in 1992) to income before income taxes,
is as follows:
<TABLE>                                                               
<CAPTION> 

                                         
                                    FAS 109 Method          APB 11 Method            
                                             1994         1993          1992
<S>                                     <C>           <C>          <C>    
Computed expected tax                   $ 175,100     $ 48,532     $ 290,850
State taxes, net of federal benefit        16,978        2,465        26,945
Research and development tax credit       (1,000)      (8,000)       (7,000)
Indefinitely invested earnings of        
  foreign subsidiaries                   (49,350)     (21,083)      (31,280)
Valuation allowance                         9,016           --            --
Other individually immaterial items        39,364       31,156        45,554
Provision for income taxes              $ 190,108     $ 53,070     $ 325,069
Effective tax rate                            38%           38%          38%
</TABLE>                                                                    

The  Internal  Revenue Service has proposed federal income tax deficiencies
for  the  years  1984  through 1988, and the Company has  made  prepayments
thereon.   The  Company  has contested these alleged  deficiencies  and  is
pursuing  administrative  and judicial remedies. Management  believes  that
adequate  provision has been made for any adjustments that may result  from
these tax examinations.

Common Stock
_________________________________________________________________________

Shareholder Rights Plan
In   May  1989,  the  Company  adopted  a  shareholder  rights  plan  and
distributed a dividend of one right to purchase one share of common stock
(a Right) for each outstanding share of common stock of the Company.  The
Rights  become exercisable in certain limited circumstances  involving  a
potential business combination transaction of the Company and are initially 
exercisable at  a  price  of $200  per  share.  Following certain other 
events after the  Rights  have become  exercisable, each Right entitles its 
holder to purchase for  $200 an  amount  of common stock of the Company, or,
in certain circumstances, securities  of the acquiror, having a then-current
market  value  of  two times the exercise price of the Right. The Rights are
redeemable and  may be amended at the Company's option before they become 
exercisable.  Until a  Right is exercised, the holder of a Right, as such, 
has no rights as a shareholder of the Company.  The Rights expire on 
April 19, 1999.


                                       36
<PAGE>

Stock Option Plans
The Company has in effect a 1990 Stock Option Plan (the 1990 Plan) and  a
1987  Executive  Long Term Stock Option Plan (the 1987 Plan).   The  1981
Stock  Option  Plan terminated in October 1990.  Options  granted  before
that date remain outstanding in accordance with their terms.  Options may
be  granted  under  the  1990 Plan to employees, including  officers  and
directors  who are employees, at not less than the fair market  value  on
the  date  of  grant.   These options generally become  exercisable  over
varying periods, based on continued employment, and generally expire  ten
years  after  the  grant  date.  The 1990 Plan permits  the  granting  of
incentive   stock   options,  nonstatutory  stock  options,   and   stock
appreciation rights.

The  1987  Plan permits the granting of nonstatutory options  to  certain
officers of the Company to purchase Apple common stock at prices not less
than 75% of the fair market value on the date of grant. Options under the
1987  Plan are generally not exercisable for 18 months after the date  of
grant,  and  then become exercisable at varying rates over the subsequent
seven years, based on continued service to the Company.

Summarized information regarding the Company's stock option plans as of
September 30, 1994, is as follows:
<TABLE>                            (In thousands, except per share amounts)
<CAPTION>                                                      
                                         Number of         Price Per
                                          Shares            Share
<S>                                     <C>                 <C>    
Outstanding at September 24, 1993       13,096              $ 7.50- $ 68.00
  Granted                                4,705                    
  Exercised                            (2,223)              $ 23.50-$ 38.25
  Expired or canceled                  (2,167)
Outstanding at September 30, 1994       13,411              $ 7.50- $ 68.00
Exercisable                              5,475                           
Reserved for issuance                   19,286                           
Available for future grant               5,879                           
</TABLE>                                                                   

Restricted Stock Plan
On  April 1, 1993, the Company's Board of Directors approved a Restricted
Stock  Plan for officers of the Company (the RSP), which became effective
July  1, 1993.  The RSP was subsequently ratified by the shareholders  on
January  26, 1994.   The  RSP is designed to  provide  an  incentive  for
officers to continue to own shares of the Company's common stock acquired
upon  exercise of options under any of the Company's Stock Option  Plans,
thus  more closely aligning officers' financial interests with  those  of
the  shareholders.   The RSP provides that officers  who  exercise  stock
options  and  continue to hold the exercised shares for  at  least  three
years  will  receive  up to three Awards of shares of  restricted  stock.
Each  such  Award  is  for one-third the number of shares  held  for  the
requisite retention period.  Each restricted stock Award granted pursuant
to  the  plan  becomes  fully vested three years after  the  grant  date,
provided  that  the  officer  maintains continuous  employment  with  the
Company and that other vesting requirements are met.

Employee Stock Purchase Plan
The Company has an employee stock purchase plan (the Purchase Plan) under
which  substantially  all  employees may purchase  common  stock  through
payroll  deductions  at a price equal to 85% of the  lower  of  the  fair
market  values as of the beginning or end of the offering period.   Stock
purchases  under  the Purchase Plan are limited to 10% of  an  employee's
compensation,  up to a maximum of $25,000 in any calendar  year.   As  of
September  30,  1994, approximately 1 million shares  were  reserved  for
future issuance under the Purchase Plan.

Stock Repurchase Programs
In November 1992, the Board of Directors authorized the purchase of up to
10  million shares of the Company's common stock in the open market.   No
shares   were  repurchased  under  this  authorization  in  1994,   while
approximately   3.4   million   shares  were   repurchased   under   this
authorization  in  1993.   In  September 1990,  the  Board  of  Directors
authorized  the  purchase  of up to 10 million shares  of  the  Company's
common  stock  in  the open market.  During 1993 and  1992,  the  Company
repurchased   the   remaining  shares  under  this  authorization,  which
approximated to 1.6 million and 4.0 million shares, respectively.
                                        
                                       37
<PAGE>
Savings Plan
The  Company  has  an  employee  savings plan  (the  Savings  Plan)  that
qualifies  as a deferred salary arrangement under Section 401(k)  of  the
Internal  Revenue  Code.   Under  the Savings  Plan,  participating  U.S.
employees  may  defer  a  portion of their pretax  earnings,  up  to  the
Internal  Revenue Service annual contribution limit ($9,240 for  calendar
year  1994).  Effective July 1, 1994, the Company matches 30% to  70%  of
each  employee's contributions, depending on length of service, up  to  a
maximum  6%  of  the  employee's earnings.  Prior to July  1,  1994,  the
Company matched 30% to 50% of each employee's contributions, depending on
length  of  service, up to a maximum 6% of the employee's earnings.   The
Company's  matching contributions to the Savings Plan were  approximately
$10.7 million in 1994 and $11.1 million in each of 1993 and 1992.

Preferred Stock
_________________________________________________________________________

Five  million shares of preferred stock have been authorized for issuance
in  one or more series.  The Board of Directors is authorized to fix  the
number  and  designation of any such series and to determine the  rights,
preferences,  privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed  on  any
such series.

Commitments and Contingencies
___________________________________________________________________________

Lease Commitments

The  Company  leases  various facilities and equipment under  noncancelable
operating lease arrangements.  The major facilities leases are for terms of
five to ten years and generally provide renewal options for terms of up  to
five  additional  years.   Rent  expense under  all  operating  leases  was
approximately $122 million, $170 million, and $160 million in  1994,  1993,
and   1992,  respectively.   Future  minimum  lease  payments  under  these
noncancelable operating leases having remaining terms in excess of one year
as of September 30, 1994, are as follows:
<TABLE>                                               (In thousands)
<CAPTION>
<S>                                                            <C>
1995                                                       $  85,090
1996                                                          60,127
1997                                                          38,025
1998                                                          16,928
1999                                                           6,908
Later years                                                   24,256
Total minimum lease payments                               $ 231,334
</TABLE>                                                            
Leases  for  facilities  that were subject to the  Company's  restructuring
actions initiated in the third quarter of 1991 and in the third quarter  of
1993   are  included  in  the  preceding  table.   Future  lease  payments
associated  with  these  facilities were  provided  for  in  the  Company's
restructuring  reserves recorded in 1993 and 1991,  and  therefore  do  not
represent future operating expenses.  Minimum lease payments may decline in
the  future, as the leases for facilities subject to restructuring  actions
are   terminated  or  otherwise  completed.   For  additional   information
regarding restructuring of operations, refer to pages 33-34 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements.

In  January  1994, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company  exercised  its
option  to purchase, for $51.9 million, the remaining partnership  interest
in the Cupertino Gateway Partners partnership, a general partnership, which
owns  the  Company's  campus-type office facilities located  in  Cupertino,
California  (the  "Campus").  As a result of this purchase,  the  Company's
wholly  owned subsidiary now owns 100% of the right, title, and interest in
the  Campus, as opposed to a 50.001% investment in the partnership held  in
the prior year.  Because of this purchase, future minimum lease payments to
the  partnership of approximately $162 million  have been excluded from the
preceding table.

                                       38
<PAGE>

Litigation

Apple v. Microsoft Corporation and Hewlett-Packard Company
In  March 1988, the Company filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of California (the Court) against Microsoft Corporation
(Microsoft)  and  Hewlett-Packard  Company  (HP),  alleging  that   their
Microsoft Windows and HP NewWave computer programs infringe the Company's
audiovisual  copyrights  protecting the  Macintosh  user  interface.   On
August  24, 1993, the district court entered final judgment for Microsoft
and HP, dismissing the Company's action.

On  September 21, 1993, the Court denied defendants' motions for an award
of  full  defense costs and attorneys' fees under 17 U.S.C. Section  505,
but  allowed  defendants to renew their motions should the Supreme  Court
alter the standard for the award of attorneys' fees in copyright cases in
the case of Fogerty v. Fantasy, Inc.,  114 S. Ct. 1023 (1994).
            ------------------

On September 20, 1993, the Company appealed the case to the U.S. Court of
Appeals  for  the  Ninth Circuit. On September 24,  1994,  the  Court  of
Appeals issued its decision affirming the district court judgment on  the
merits but remanding the case on the issue of attorney's fees in light of
the Fogerty  decision. The Company plans to file a petition for a writ of
    -------                                                       -------
certiorari  in the Supreme Court of the United States.
- ----------

In re Apple Securities Litigation (1993)
In  1993, a number of civil class action complaints relating to the  June
1993  drop  in  price of Apple stock were filed in U.S.  District  Court
against  the Company and certain of its officers and directors,  alleging
violations   of   federal   securities   laws   for   alleged    material
misrepresentations  and  omissions  of  fact  concerning  the   Company's
business.   The  cases were subsequently consolidated into  In  re  Apple
                                                            -------------
Securities  Litigation, Civ. No. C-93-20521-RPA(EAI).  These  suits  were
- ----------------------
filed on behalf of the named plaintiffs and all others who purchased  the
Company's  common  stock between October 15, 1992,  and  July  15,  1993.
Plaintiffs seek an award of damages according to proof, with interest.

1993 State Court Shareholders Action
In  1993, certain derivative class action complaints relating to the June
1993  drop  in  price of Apple stock were filed against the  Company,  as
nominal  defendant, and certain of its officers and directors. The  suits
allege  violations of California law. On September 28, 1993, all  parties
entered  into a stipulation that consolidated the derivative actions  and
stayed  them  in  their entirety until the conclusion of the  1993  class
action litigation.

Lemelson v. Apple
On  September  25,  1992, Jerome Lemelson filed a complaint  against  the
Company  in the U.S. District Court, District of Nevada, which  complaint
was  amended  on  April  8, 1993, alleging infringement  of  two  patents
relating to information storage and retrieval systems. Mr. Lemelson seeks
injunctive  relief, damages in an unspecified amount,  and  an  award  of
attorneys' fees and costs.  The case is set for trial in January 1995.

Grant v. Apple
On  February  11,  1993, Richard B. Grant filed a complaint  against  the
Company in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California
alleging infringement of a natural-language patent.  This matter has been
resolved.

The  Company  believes  the suits cited above to  be  without  merit  and
intends to vigorously defend against these actions.  The Company believes
the  resolution of all of these matters will not have a material  adverse
effect  on its financial condition and results of operations as  reported
in  the  accompanying financial statements.  However,  depending  on  the
amount and timing of an unfavorable resolution of these lawsuits,  it  is
possible  that the Company's future results of operations  or  cash  flow
could be materially affected in a particular period.






                                       39
<PAGE>

Industry Segment and Geographic Information
                                        
The  Company  operates  in one principal industry  segment:  the  design,
manufacture,  and  sale  of personal computing products.   The  Company's
products  are  sold  primarily  to  the business,  education,  home,  and
government markets.

Geographic financial information is as follows:
<TABLE>                                                                
<CAPTION>                                                    (In thousands)
                                          1994          1993          1992
<S>                                <C>           <C>           <C>    
Net sales to unaffiliated                                                 
 customers:
  United States                    $ 4,982,298   $ 4,387,674   $ 3,885,042
  Europe                             2,096,257     2,001,593     2,017,840
  Pacific                            1,581,571     1,075,711       716,517
  Other countries                      528,622       511,976       467,143
    Total net sales                $ 9,188,748   $ 7,976,954   $ 7,086,542
                                                                          
Transfers between geographic                                               
 areas (eliminated in
 consolidation):
  United States                    $   408,635   $   420,323   $   458,167
  Europe                               234,011       262,554       246,745
  Pacific                            1,633,413     1,772,440     1,156,433
  Other countries                           --         2,160         1,237
    Total transfers                $ 2,276,059   $ 2,457,477   $ 1,862,582
                                                                          
Operating income (loss):                                                  
  United States                    $    45,292   $ (253,499)   $   245,810
  Europe                               263,190        79,440       301,865
  Pacific                              197,318       262,426       227,183
  Other countries                       22,876        24,146        18,998
  Eliminations                         (6,402)       (2,175)        11,952
  Corporate income (expense), net     (21,988)        29,321        49,634
    Income before income taxes     $   500,286   $   139,659   $   855,442
                                                                          
Identifiable assets:                                                      
  United States                    $ 2,317,192   $ 2,534,545   $ 1,536,705
  Europe                               814,670       973,741       767,765
  Pacific                              796,803       637,857       341,200
  Other countries                      165,193       161,332       115,272
  Eliminations                        (58,372)      (49,838)      (43,716)
  Corporate assets                   1,267,260       913,775     1,506,467
    Total assets                   $ 5,302,746   $ 5,171,412   $ 4,223,693
</TABLE>                                                                  
"Other  countries" consists of Canada and Australia.  Prior year  amounts
have  been  restated to conform to the  current year  presentation.
Net  sales  to  unaffiliated customers is based on the  location  of  the
customers.   Transfers between geographic areas are recorded  at  amounts
generally above cost and in accordance with the rules and regulations  of
the  respective  governing tax authorities.  Operating income  (loss)  by
geographic area consists of total net sales less operating expenses,  and
does  not  include  an  allocation of general  corporate  expenses.   The
restructuring   charge  and  adjustment  recorded  in  1993   and   1994,
respectively, are included in the calculation of operating income  (loss)
for  each  geographic area.  Identifiable assets of geographic areas  are
those  assets  used in the Company's operations in each area.   Corporate
assets include cash and cash equivalents, joint venture investments,  and
short-term investments.



                                       40
<PAGE>

   
Selected Quarterly  Financial Information (Unaudited)
                                        
                     (Tabular amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                       Fourth          Third          Second           First
                      Quarter        Quarter         Quarter         Quarter
<S>               <C>            <C>             <C>             <C>
1994
Net sales         $2,493,286      $2,149,908      $2,076,700      $2,468,854
Gross margin      $  678,873      $  573,872      $  499,064      $  592,024
Net income        $  114,655      $  138,101      $   17,404      $   40,018
Earnings per  
 common and common
 equivalent share $     0.95      $     1.16      $     0.15      $     0.34
Cash dividends
 declared per
 common share     $     0.12      $     0.12      $     0.12      $     0.12
Price range per
 common share     $36 3/8-$26 1/8 $33 1/2-$25 1/8 $38 1/8-$29 1/4 $34-$22 1/2

1993
Net sales         $2,140,789      $1,861,979      $1,973,894      $2,000,292
Gross margin      $  550,428      $  606,004      $  760,763      $  810,925
Net income (loss) $    2,664      $(188,316)      $  110,900      $  161,341
Earnings (loss) per  
 common and common
 equivalent share $     0.02      $   (1.63)      $     0.92      $     1.33
Cash dividends
 declared per
 common share     $     0.12      $     0.12      $     0.12      $     0.12
Price range per
 common share     $40 1/8-$24 1/4 $58 3/4-$39 5/8 $65-$52 3/4   $60 5/8-$43 3/8
</TABLE>


At September 30, 1994, there were 32,219 shareholders of record.

The  Company began declaring quarterly cash dividends on its common stock
in  April 1987.  The dividend policy is determined quarterly by the Board
of  Directors  and  is  dependent  on  the  Company's  earnings,  capital
requirements, financial condition, and other factors.

The  price  range  per  common share represents the  highest  and  lowest
closing  prices  for  the Company's common stock on the  Nasdaq  National
Market during each quarter.

Net  income  for  the  third  quarter of 1994  includes  a  restructuring
adjustment that increased income by $127 million ($79 million, or  $0.66
per share, after taxes).  Net loss for the third quarter of 1993 includes
a  restructuring  charge of $321 million ($199 million,  or  $  1.72  per
share, after taxes).



Item  9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting  and
Financial Disclosure

Not applicable.





                                       41
<PAGE>

PART III

Item 10. Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

Information  regarding directors of the Registrant is set  forth  in  the
Proxy Statement under the heading "Information About Apple Computer, Inc.
- -  Directors"  and  under  the  heading "Election  of  Directors",  which
information  is hereby incorporated by reference.  Information  regarding 
executive  officers  of  the Company found under the  caption  "Executive 
Officers  of  the  Registrant" in Part I hereof is also  incorporated  by 
reference into this Item 10.

Item 11. Executive Compensation

Information  regarding executive compensation is set forth in  the  Proxy
Statement  under  the heading "Information About Apple Computer,  Inc.  -
Director Compensation", "Information About Apple Computer, Inc. - Certain
Relationships  and  Related Transactions", "Report  of  the  Compensation
Committee  and  Stock  Option Committee of  the  Board  of  Directors  on
Executive    Compensation",   and   "Information   Regarding    Executive
Compensation", which information is hereby incorporated  by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners  and Management

Information regarding security ownership of certain beneficial owners and
management  is  set  forth  in  the Proxy  Statement  under  the  heading
"Information About Apple Computer, Inc. - Security Ownership  of  Certain
Beneficial  Owners   and Management", which information  is  hereby 
incorporated by reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

Information regarding  certain relationships and related transactions  is
set  forth  in  the Proxy Statement under the heading "Information  About
Apple  Computer, Inc. - Director Compensation ", "Information About Apple
Computer,  Inc.  -  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions",  and
"Report of the Compensation Committee and Stock Option Committee  of  the
Board  of  Directors  on Executive Compensation - Compensation  Committee
Interlocks  and Insider Participation", which information is hereby 
incorporated by reference.

                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       42
<PAGE>

PART IV

Item 14. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules, and Reports on Form 8-K

(a)     Items Filed as Part of Report:

 1. Financial Statements
       The  financial statements of the Company as set forth in the Index
       to  Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this
       Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 2. Financial Statement Schedules
       The  financial statement schedules of the Company as set forth  in
       the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8
       of this Form 10-K are hereby incorporated by reference.
 
 3. Exhibits
       The exhibits listed under Item 14(c) are filed as part of this Form
       10-K.

(b) Reports on Form 8-K

       No  Current  Reports  on Form 8-K were filed  by  Apple  with  the
       Securities  and  Exchange Commission during the fourth quarter  of
       fiscal 1994.

(c) Exhibits

Exhibit
Number    Notes*       Description

 3.1     88-S3        Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed with the
                      Secretary of State of the State of California on 
                      January 27, 1988.
 
 3.2     90-2Q        Amendment to Restated Articles of Incorporation,
                      filed with the Secretary of State of the State of 
                      California on February 5, 1990.
 
 3.3     94/3Q        By-Laws of the Company, as amended through April 20,
                      1994.
 
 4.1     89-8A        Common Shares Rights Agreement dated as of May 15,
                      1989 between the Company and the First National Bank 
                      of Boston, as Rights Agent.
 
 4.2     94/2Q        Indenture dated as of February 1, 1994, between the
                      Company and Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York 
                      (the "Indenture").
 
 4.3     94/2Q        Supplemental Indenture dated as of February 1, 1994,
                      among the Company, Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of 
                      New York, as resigning trustee, and Citibank, N.A., as
                      successor trustee.
 
 4.4     94/2Q        Officers' Certificate, without exhibits, pursuant to
                      Section 301 of the Indenture, establishing the terms 
                      of the Company's 6 1/2% Notes due 2004.
 
 4.5     94/2Q        Form of the Company's 6 1/2% Note due 2004.
 
 10.1    94/1Q        Credit Agreement between the Registrant and certain
                      lenders dated as of December 9, 1993.
 
 *   Footnotes appear on pages 47-48.
 ** Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

                                       43
<PAGE>
 
 (c) Exhibits  (continued)
 
 10.A.1    93/3Q **     1981 Stock Option Plan, as amended.
 
 10.A.2    91K **       1987 Executive Long Term Stock Option Plan.
 
 10.A.3    91K **       Apple Computer, Inc. Savings and Investment Plan, as
                        amended and restated effective as of October 1, 1990.
 
 10.A.3-1  92K **       Amendment of Apple Computer, Inc. Savings and
                        Investment Plan dated March 1, 1992.
 
 10.A.4    88K**        Form of Director Warrant
 
 10.A.5    94/2Q **     1990 Stock Option Plan, as amended through January
                        26, 1994.
 
 10.A.6    91K **       Apple Computer, Inc. Employee Stock Purchase Plan,
                        as amended.
 
 10.A.7    **           1994 Senior / Executive Bonus Plan.
 
 10.A.8    91K **       Form of Indemnification Agreement between the
                        Registrant and each officer of the Registrant.
 
 10.A.9    90K **       Employment Agreement dated September 14, 1989
                        between the Registrant and Ian Diery.
 
 10.A.10   91K **       Employment Agreement dated May 18, 1989 between the
                        Registrant and Fred Forsyth.
 
 10.A.11   90K-10.A.10 **  Employment Agreement dated June 14, 1989 between
                           the Registrant and Joseph A. Graziano.
 
 10.A.13   91K **       Employment Agreement dated February 21, 1991 between
                        the Registrant and Soren Olsson.
 
 10.A.14   91K **       Employment Agreement dated June 25, 1990 between the
                        Registrant and Robert Puette.
 
 10.A.15   91K **       Agreement dated April 12, 1991 between the
                        Registrant and Michael H. Spindler.
 
 10.A.15-1  93K-10.A.15 **    1993 Executive Restricted Stock Plan
 
 10.A.16   93K **       Separation Agreement dated October 14, 1993 between
                        the Registrant and John Sculley.
 
 10.A.17   93K **       Separation Agreement dated November 19, 1993 between
                        the Registrant and Albert A. Eisenstat.
 
 10.A.18   93K **       Separation Agreement and Consulting Services
                        Agreement dated October 15, 1993 and December 3,
                        1993, respectively, between the Registrant and Robert 
                        Puette.
 
 *   Footnotes appear on pages 47-48.
 ** Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 
                                       44
<PAGE>
 
 (c) Exhibits  (continued)
 
 10.A.19   94/2Q **     Executive Severance Plan as amended and restated
                        effective as of July 1, 1993.
 
 10.B.1    88K-10.1     Master OEM Agreement dated as of January 26, 1988
                        between the Company and Tokyo Electric Co. Ltd.
 
 10.B.2    91-8K-2      Stock Purchase and Stockholder Agreement dated as of
                        September 30, 1991 among MDCA Corporation (later 
                        renamed to be "Taligent, Inc."), the Registrant and 
                        IBM.
 
 10.B.3    91-8K-3      Stock Purchase and Stockholder Agreement dated as of
                        September 30, 1991 among MDCB Corporation (later 
                        renamed to be "Kaleida Labs, Inc."), the Registrant 
                        and IBM.
 
 10.B.4    91-8K-4      Agreement for Licensing of IBM Compilers and Tools
                        dated as of September 30, 1991 between IBM and the 
                        Registrant for the Mac AIX Compiler.
 
 10.B.5    91-8K-5      Development and License Agreement dated as of
                        September 30, 1991 between IBM and the Registrant 
                        for Mac-on-AIX.
 
 10.B.6    91-8K-6      Agreement for Development and Licensing of AIX and
                        AIXwindows dated as of September 30, 1991 between 
                        IBM and the Registrant.
 
 10.B.7    91-8K-7      Know-how and Copyright License Agreement (Power PC
                        Architecture) dated as of September 30, 1991 between
                        IBM and the Registrant.
 
 10.B.8    91-8K-8      Participation in the Customer Design Center by the
                        Registrant dated as of September 30, 1991 between 
                        IBM and the Registrant.
 
 10.B.9    91-8K-9      Agreement for Purchase of IBM Products (Original
                        Equipment Manufacturer) dated as of September 30,
                        1991 between IBM and the  Registrant.
 
 10.B.10   91-8K-10     Enterprise Interoperability Master Task Agreement
                        dated as of September 30, 1991 between the Registrant
                        and IBM.
 
 10.B.11   91K          Agreement dated October 9, 1991 between Apple Corps
                        Limited and the  Registrant.
 
 10.B.12   92K          Microprocessor Requirements Agreement dated January
                        31, 1992 between the Registrant and Motorola, Inc.
 
 10.D.1    90/1Q        Lease Agreement dated November 15, 1988 between TGL
                        Associates and the Registrant, as amended by a 
                        Modification of Lease Agreement dated March 1, 1989.
 
 10.D.2    92K          Amended and Restated General Partnership Agreement
                        dated July 12, 1991 between ACI Real Properties, Inc.
                        and Sobrato Development Company #910.
 
 *   Footnotes appear on pages 47-48.
 ** Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
 
                                       45
<PAGE>
 
 (c) Exhibits  (continued)
 
 10.D.2-1  92K          Agreement amending Cupertino Gateway Partners
                        General Partnership Agreement dated November 11, 1992.
 
 10.D.3    91/3Q        Lease Agreement (Building 1) dated July 12, 1991
                        between Cupertino Partners and the Registrant.
 
 10.D.3-1  92K          First Amendment of Lease (Building 1) dated November
                        11, 1992.
 
 10.D.4    (1)          Lease Agreement (Building 2) dated July 12, 1991
                        between Cupertino Gateway Partners and the Registrant.
 
 10.D.4-1  (2)          First Amendment of Lease (Building 2) dated November
                        11, 1992.
 
 10.D.5    (1)          Lease Agreement (Building 3) dated July 12, 1991
                        between Cupertino Gateway Partners and the Registrant.
 
 10.D.5-1  (2)          First Amendment of Lease (Building 3) dated November
                        11, 1992.
 
 10.D.6    (1)          Lease Agreement (Building 4) dated July 12, 1991
                        between Cupertino Gateway Partners and the Registrant.
 
 10.D.6-1  (2)          First Amendment of Lease (Building 4) dated November
                        11, 1992.
 
 10.D.7    (1)          Lease Agreement (Building 5) dated July 12, 1991
                        between Cupertino Gateway Partners and the Registrant.
 
 10.D.7-1  (2)          First Amendment of Lease (Building 5) dated November
                        11, 1992.
 
 10.D.8    (1)          Lease Agreement (Building 6) dated July 12, 1991
                        between Cupertino Gateway Partners and the Registrant.
 
 10.D.8-1  (2)          First Amendment of Lease (Building 6) dated November
                        11, 1992.
 
 11                     Computation of per share earnings.
  
 21                     Subsidiaries of the Company.
 
 23                     Consent of Independent Auditors.
 
 24                     Power of Attorney.

 27                     Financial Data Schedule
 










 *   Footnotes appear on pages 47-48.
 ** Represents a management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.

                                       46
<PAGE>

NOTES
(1)           Copies  of  these lease agreements have been omitted  because
              they are substantially identical in all material respects to
              the Lease Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.D.6 to the Company's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 28,
              1991  except  as  set forth in Schedule I attached  to  such
              Exhibit 10.D.6.

(2)           Copies  of  these amendments have been omitted  because  they
              are  substantially identical in all material respects to the
              First  Amendment to Lease Agreement filed as Exhibit 10.D.3-
              1.

88K           Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the  Company's
              Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K for  the  fiscal  year  ended
              September 30, 1988 (the "1988 Form 10-K").

88-S3         Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 4.1 to  the  Company's
              Registration Statement on Form S-3 (file no. 33-23317) filed
              July 27, 1988.

88K-10.1      Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the  1988  Form
              10-K.   Confidential  treatment as to  certain  portions  of
              these agreements has been granted.

89-8A         Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit  1  to  the  Company's
              Registration Statement on Form 8-A filed with the Securities
              and Exchange Commission on May 26, 1989.

90/1Q         Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to  the  Company's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
              29, 1989.

90/2Q         Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 3.2 to  the  Company's
              Quarterly  Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter  ended  March
              30, 1990.

90K           Incorporated  by reference to the exhibit of that  number  in
              the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
              ended September 28, 1990 (the "1990 Form 10-K").

90K-10.A.10   Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.A.10  of  the  1990
              Form 10-K.

91/3Q         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.D.6 to the  Company's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 28,
              1991.

91K           Incorporated  by reference to the exhibit of that  number  in
              the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
              ended September 27, 1991 (the "1991 Form 10-K").

91-8K-2       Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit  2  to  the  Company's
              Current  Report  on  Form 8-K dated October  15,  1991  (the
              "October 1991 Form 8-K").

91-8K-3       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 3 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

91-8K-4       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 4 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

91-8K-5       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 5 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

91-8K-6       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 6 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

91-8K-7       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 7 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

91-8K-8       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 8 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

91-8K-9       Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 9 to the  October  1991
              Form 8-K.

                                       47
<PAGE>

               NOTES (continued)

91-8K-10      Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10 to the October  1991
              Form 8-K.

92K           Incorporated  by reference to the exhibit of that  number  in
              the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
              ended September 25, 1992 (the "1992 Form 10-K").

93K           Incorporated  by reference to the exhibit of that  number  in
              the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
              ended September 24,1993 (the "1993 Form 10-K").

93K-10.A.15   Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 10.A.15  to  the  1993
              Form 10-K.

93/3Q         Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.A.1 to the  Company's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 25,
              1993.

94/1Q         Incorporated  by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to  the  Company's
              quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended December
              31, 1993.

94/2Q         Incorporated  by reference to the exhibit of that  number  in
              the  Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
              ended April 1, 1994.

94/3Q         Incorporated  by  reference to Exhibit 3.3 to  the  Company's
              Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July  1,
              1994.


(d)    Financial Statement Schedules

         See Item 14(a)(2) of this Form 10-K.




























                                       48
<PAGE>
                                        
                                  (Exhibit 23)
                                        
                                        
                                        
                         CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT AUDITORS
                                        
                                        
                                        
We  consent  to  the  incorporation  by  reference  in  the  Registration
Statements (Form S-8 Nos. 2-70449, 2-77563, 2-85095, 33-866, 33-23650, 33-
31075, 33-40877, 33-47596, 33-57092 and 33-57080) pertaining to the  1981
and  1990 Stock Option Plans, the Employee Stock Purchase Plan, the  1980
Key  Employee  Stock  Purchase Plan, the 1986  Employee  Incentive  Stock
Option Plan, the 1987 Executive Long Term Stock Option Plan, and the Form
of Director Warrant of Apple Computer, Inc. and Form S-3 No. 33-62310 and
in  the  related Prospectuses of our report dated October 17,  1994  with
respect  to the consolidated financial statements and schedules of  Apple
Computer,  Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for  the  year
ended September 30, 1994.








                                                     s/ Ernst & Young LLP
                                                        Ernst & Young LLP
                                                                                
San Jose, California
December 8, 1994


























                                        
                                       49
<PAGE>
                                        
                                   SIGNATURES

Pursuant  to  the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of  the  Securities
Exchange  Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report  to  be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.
                                        
                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
                                  (Registrant)
                                        
                           By: /s/ MICHAEL H. SPINDLER
                                        
                               MICHAEL H. SPINDLER
                      President and Chief Executive Officer
                                December 8, 1994

KNOW  ALL  PERSONS  BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person  whose  signature
appears  below  constitutes and appoints Michael H. Spindler,  Joseph  A.
Graziano,  and  Edward  B.  Stead, jointly  and  severally,  his  or  her
attorneys-in-fact, each with the power of substitution, for him or her in
any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Report on Form 10-
K,  and  to  file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents  in
connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby
ratifying and confirming all that each of said attorneys-in-fact, or  his
substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof.
                                        
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this
report  has been signed below by the following persons on behalf  of  the
Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated:
<TABLE>                               
<CAPTION>
<S>                                   <C>
/s/ MICHAEL H. SPINDLER               /s/ JOSEPH A. GRAZIANO
MICHAEL H. SPINDLER                   JOSEPH A. GRAZIANO
President and                         Executive Vice President
Chief Executive Officer               and Chief Financial Officer
(Principal Executive Officer),        (Principal Financial Officer),
and Director                          and Director                              
December 8, 1994                      December 8, 1994
                                      
/s/ JEANNE SEELEY                     /s/ ARMAS C. MARKKULA, JR.
JEANNE SEELEY                         ARMAS C. MARKKULA, JR.
Vice President, Finance, and          Chairman of the Board
Corporate Controller                  and Director
December 8, 1994                      December 8, 1994
                                      
/s/ PETER O. CRISP                    /s/ BERNARD GOLDSTEIN
PETER O. CRISP                        BERNARD GOLDSTEIN
Director                              Director
December 8, 1994                      December 8, 1994
                                      
/s/ B. JURGEN HINTZ                   /s/ KATHERINE HUDSON
B. JURGEN HINTZ                       KATHERINE HUDSON
Director                              Director
December 8, 1994                      December 8, 1994
                                      
                                      
</TABLE>                              
                                        

                                        
                                       50
<PAGE>


                                                              SCHEDULE II
                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
            AMOUNTS RECEIVABLE FROM RELATED PARTIES AND UNDERWRITERS,
               PROMOTERS, AND EMPLOYEES OTHER THAN RELATED PARTIES

NOTES RECEIVABLE FROM SHAREHOLDERS

(In thousands)
<TABLE>                                                   
<CAPTION>
                                                                
                                             
                  Balance at                          Balance
                  Beginning                           at End      
Name of Debtor    of Period  Additions  Collections   of Period  Notes*
                                       
<S>                <C>       <C>        <C>           <C>        <C>    
                                                                
Year Ended                                                      
September 30,                                                   
1994               $    --   $    --     $    --      $  --        
                                                                                    
Year Ended                                                  
September 24,                                               
1993               $    --   $    --     $    --      $  --        
                                                                                    
Year Ended                                                      
September 25,                                                   
1992
                                                            
John Sculley       $ 1,836   $   775     $ 2,611      $  --      (1)(2)
</TABLE>                                                  
The  above  Notes Receivable from Shareholders are presented as a deduction
from  shareholders'  equity since they are related to the  sale  of  Common
Stock  by  the  Company to officers, directors, and employees  under  stock
option  and  purchase plans.  Notes Receivable from Shareholders  does  not
include accrued interest.  The notes receivable are secured by a pledge  of
the  shares  issued,  less the pro rata release by the Company  of  pledged
shares  based on the percentage of the principal amount of the notes  paid.
The notes bear interest at 6% per annum.


*Footnotes appear on page S-2.


                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       S-1
<PAGE>
                                                                           
                                                                SCHEDULE II
                                                                (continued)
OTHER ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE

(In thousands)

<TABLE>                                                    
<CAPTION>
                Balance at                        Amounts   Balance
                Beginning                         Written   at End      
                of Period  Additions Collections  Off       of Period  Notes*
                
<S>             <C>        <C>       <C>            <C>       <C>        <C>          
                                                          
Year Ended                                                
September 30,                                             
1994            $    --    $   --     $    --      $   --     $  -- 
                       
Year Ended                                                
September 24,                                             
1993
                                                          
Donald Casey    $     4    $   --     $    --      $    4     $   --                              
Paul Gavarini       129        --          --         129         -- 
James Mullen         61        --          61          --         --
                $   194    $   --     $    61      $  133     $   -- 
                     
Year Ended                                                
September 25,                                             
1992
                                                          
Donald Casey    $     4     $  --     $    --      $   --     $    4                        
Paul Gavarini       129        --          --          --        129 
James Mullen        123        --          62          --         61 
John Sculley      2,412       962       3,374          --         --     (1)(2)                      
                $ 2,668     $ 962     $ 3,436      $   --     $  194 
                                             
                                                          
                                                          
</TABLE>                                                  
The  above Other Accounts Receivable bore interest from 6% to 10% and  were
payable on various dates through April 1, 1994.

NOTES
(1) Director of the Company at the end of the period indicated.
(2) Executive Officer of the Company at the end of the period indicated.












                                        
                                        
                                       S-2
<PAGE>




                                                            SCHEDULE VIII

                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
                                        
                 VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND RESERVES
                                        
                                 (In thousands)

<TABLE>                                                        
<CAPTION>
                                     Charged to                     
Allowance for            Beginning   Costs and                  Ending
Doubtful Accounts:       Balance     Expenses   Deductions(1)   Balance
                                                               
<S>                       <C>          <C>         <C>           <C>
Year Ended                                                           
September 30,1994         $ 83,776     $ 25,654    $ 18,438      $ 90,992
                                                                     
Year Ended                                                           
September 24, 1993        $ 83,048     $ 26,292    $ 25,564      $ 83,776
                                                                     
Year Ended                                                           
September 25, 1992        $ 53,993     $ 37,805    $  8,750      $ 83,048
</TABLE>                                                       







____________

(1) Represents amounts written off against the allowance, net of
    recoveries.













                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                        
                                       S-3
<PAGE>



                                                              SCHEDULE IX


                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
                                        
                              SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS
                                        
                                 (In thousands)



                                                                    Weighted
                                              Maximum     Average    Average
      Category of                Weighted      Amount      Amount   Interest
       Aggregate                  Average Outstanding Outstanding       Rate
      Short-term       Year-end  Interest  During the  During the During the
    Borrowings(1)       Balance      Rate        Year    Year (2)   Year (3)
                                                      

Year Ended September 30, 1994:

  Short-term Borrowings $ 292,200    5.0%   $1,178,000  $ 717,000       3.4%

Year Ended September 24, 1993:
  
  Short-term Borrowings $ 823,182    3.3%   $  999,567  $ 291,681       3.2%

                                                                         
Year Ended September 25, 1992:

  Short-term Borrowings $ 184,461    3.5%   $  245,000  $ 157,309       3.9%
                  
                                                                




__________

(1)   Short-term   represent   borrowings   under   various   borrowing
      arrangements, including bank borrowings and unsecured commercial 
      paper borrowings.

(2)   The  average amount outstanding during the period was  computed  by
      dividing  the sum of the daily balances of the period by the  number
      of days in the period.

(3)   The weighted average interest rate during the period was computed by
      dividing  interest expense related to the borrowings by  the average
      amount outstanding during the year.








                                        
                                       S-4
<PAGE>


                                                                SCHEDULE  X


                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
                                        
                   SUPPLEMENTARY INCOME STATEMENT INFORMATION
                                        
                                 (In thousands)
                                        

<TABLE>                                            
<CAPTION>
                                                               
                                 Fiscal Year Ended           
                                                                                                    
                  September 30,    September 24,    September 25,                                                          
                      1994             1993             1992
<S>                <C>               <C>              <C>         
Advertising        $  158,175        $  153,382       $  134,128
</TABLE>                                                  





Advertising includes all direct costs of advertising in various  media  and
outside advertising agencies.

Maintenance  and  repairs,  taxes  other than  payroll  and  income  taxes,
amortization of intangible assets, and royalties are not reported  as  none
of  such  items  exceeded 1% of total net sales as  shown  in  the  related
consolidated statements of income.

                                       S-5
<PAGE>


INDEX TO EXHIBITS

Exhibit
Index
Number    Notes        Description                                Page
3.1       (1)        Restated Articles of Incorporation, filed    
                     with the Secretary of State of the State     43
                     of California on January 27, 1988.
                     
3.2        (1)       Amendment to Restated Articles of            
                     Incorporation, filed with the Secretary of   
                     State of the State of California on          43
                     February 5, 1990.
                     
3.3       (1)        By-Laws of the Company, as amended through   43
                     April 20, 1994.
                     
4.1       (1)        Common Shares Rights Agreement dated as of   
                     May 15, 1989 between the Company and the     
                     First National Bank of Boston, as Rights     43
                     Agent.
                     
4.2       (1)        Indenture dated as of February 1, 1994,      
                     between the Company and Morgan Guaranty      
                     Trust Company of New York (the               43
                     "Indenture").
                     
4.3       (1)        Supplemental Indenture dated as of           
                     February 1, 1994, among the Company,         
                     Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York,   43
                     as resigning trustee, and Citibank, N.A.,
                     as successor trustee.
                     
4.4       (1)        Officers' Certificate, without exhibits,     
                     pursuant to Section 301 of the Indenture,    
                     establishing the terms of the Company's 6    43
                     1/2% Notes due 2004.
                     
4.5       (1)        Form of the Company's 6 1/2% Note due        43
                     2004.
                     
10.1      (1)        Credit Agreement between the Registrant      
                     and certain lenders dated as of December     43
                     9, 1993.
                     
10.A.1    (1)        1981 Stock Option Plan, as                   44
                     amended.
                     
10.A.2    (1)        1987 Executive Long Term Stock Option        44
                     Plan.
                     
10.A.3    (1)        Apple Computer, Inc. Savings and             
                     Investment Plan, as amended and restated     44
                     effective as of October 1, 1990.
                     
10.A.3-1  (1)        Amendment of Apple Computer, Inc. Savings    
                     and Investment Plan dated March 1, 1992.     44
                     
10.A.4    (1)        Form of Director Warrant                     44
                     
10.A.5    (1)        1990 Stock Option Plan, as amended through   44
                     January 26, 1994.
                     
10.A.6    (1)        Apple Computer, Inc. Employee Stock          
                     Purchase Plan, as amended.                   44
                     
10.A.7               1994 Senior / Executive Bonus Plan.          60 
                     
(1) Incorporated by reference at page indicated.
                              
                             56
<PAGE>

INDEX TO EXHIBITS (Continued)

Exhibit
Index
Number    Notes        Description                                Page
10.A.8    (1)        Form of Indemnification Agreement between    
                     the Registrant and each officer of the       44
                     Registrant.
                     
10.A.9    (1)        Employment Agreement dated September 14,     
                     1989 between the Registrant and Ian Diery.   44
                     
10.A.10   (1)        Employment Agreement dated May 18, 1989      
                     between the Registrant and Fred Forsyth.     44
                     
10.A.11   (1)        Employment Agreement dated June 14, 1989     
                     between the Registrant and Joseph A.         44
                     Graziano.
                     
10.A.13   (1)        Employment Agreement dated February 21,      
                     1991 between the Registrant and Soren        44
                     Olsson.
                     
10.A.14   (1)        Employment Agreement dated June 25, 1990     
                     between the Registrant and Robert Puette.    44
                     
10.A.15   (1)        Agreement dated April 12, 1991 between the   
                     Registrant and Michael H. Spindler.          44
                     
10.A.15-  (1)        1993 Executive Restricted                    44
1                    Stock Plan
                     
10.A.16   (1)        Separation Agreement dated October 14,       
                     1993 between the Registrant and John         44
                     Sculley.
                     
10.A.17   (1)        Separation Agreement dated November 19,      
                     1993 between the Registrant and Albert A.    44
                     Eisenstat.
                     
10.A.18   (1)        Separation Agreement and Consulting          
                     Services Agreement dated October 15, 1993    
                     and December 3, 1993, respectively,          44
                     between the Registrant and Robert Puette.
                     
10.A.19   (1)        Executive Severance Plan as amended and      
                     restated effective as of July 1, 1993.       45
                     
10.B.1    (1)        Master OEM Agreement dated as of January     
                     26, 1988 between the Company and Tokyo       45
                     Electric Co. Ltd.
                     
10.B.2    (1)        Stock Purchase and Stockholder Agreement     
                     dated as of September 30, 1991 among MDCA    
                     Corporation (later renamed to be             45
                     "Taligent, Inc."), the Registrant and IBM.
                     
10.B.3    (1)        Stock Purchase and Stockholder Agreement     
                     dated as of September 30, 1991 among MDCB    
                     Corporation (later renamed to be "Kaleida    45
                     Labs, Inc."), the Registrant and IBM.
                     
(1) Incorporated by reference at page indicated.

                             57
<PAGE>

INDEX TO EXHIBITS (Continued)

Exhibit
Index
Number    Notes        Description                                Page
                                                                  
10.B.4    (1)        Agreement for Licensing of IBM Compilers     
                     and Tools dated as of September 30, 1991     
                     between IBM and the Registrant for the Mac   45
                     AIX Compiler.
                     
10.B.5    (1)        Development and License Agreement dated as   
                     of September 30, 1991 between IBM and the    45
                     Registrant for Mac-on-AIX.
                     
10.B.6    (1)        Agreement for Development and Licensing of   
                     AIX and AIXwindows dated as of September     
                     30, 1991 between IBM and the Registrant.     45
                     
10.B.7    (1)        Know-how and Copyright License Agreement     
                     (Power PC Architecture) dated as of          
                     September 30, 1991 between IBM and the       45
                     Registrant.
                     
10.B.8    (1)        Participation in the Customer Design         
                     Center by the Registrant dated as of         
                     September 30, 1991 between IBM and the       45
                     Registrant.
                     
10.B.9    (1)        Agreement for Purchase of IBM Products       
                     (Original Equipment Manufacturer) dated as   
                     of September 30, 1991 between IBM and the    45
                     Registrant.
                     
10.B.10   (1)        Enterprise Interoperability Master Task      
                     Agreement dated as of September 30, 1991     45
                     between the Registrant and IBM.
                     
10.B.11   (1)        Agreement dated October 9, 1991 between      
                     Apple Corps Limited and the Registrant.      45
                     
10.B.12   (1)        Microprocessor Requirements Agreement        
                     dated January 31, 1992 between the           45
                     Registrant and Motorola, Inc.
                     
10.D.1    (1)        Lease Agreement dated November 15, 1988      
                     between TGL Associates and the Registrant,   
                     as amended by a Modification of Lease        45
                     Agreement dated March 1, 1989.
                     
10.D.2    (1)        Amended and Restated General Partnership     
                     Agreement dated July 12, 1991 between ACI    
                     Real Properties, Inc. and Sobrato            45
                     Development Company #910.
                     
10.D.2-1  (1)        Agreement amending Cupertino Gateway         
                     Partners General Partnership Agreement       46
                     dated November 11, 1992.
                     
10.D.3    (1)        Lease Agreement (Building 1) dated July      
                     12, 1991 between Cupertino Partners and      46
                     the Registrant.
                     
(1) Incorporated by reference at page indicated.

                             58
<PAGE>


INDEX TO EXHIBITS (Continued)

Exhibit
Index
Number    Notes        Description                                Page
 
10.D.3-1  (1)        First Amendment of Lease (Building 1)        
                     dated November 11, 1992.                     46
                     
10.D.4    (1)        Lease Agreement (Building 2) dated July      
                     12, 1991 between Cupertino Gateway           46
                     Partners and the Registrant.
                     
10.D.4-1  (1)        First Amendment of Lease (Building 2)        
                     dated November 11, 1992.                     46
                     
10.D.5    (1)        Lease Agreement (Building 3) dated July      
                     12, 1991 between Cupertino Gateway           46
                     Partners and the Registrant.
                     
10.D.5-1  (1)        First Amendment of Lease (Building 3)        
                     dated November 11, 1992.                     46
                     
10.D.6    (1)        Lease Agreement (Building 4) dated July      
                     12, 1991 between Cupertino Gateway           46
                     Partners and the Registrant.
                     
10.D.6-1  (1)        First Amendment of Lease (Building 4)        
                     dated November 11, 1992.                     46
                     
10.D.7    (1)        Lease Agreement (Building 5) dated July      
                     12, 1991 between Cupertino Gateway           46
                     Partners and the Registrant.
                     
10.D.7-1  (1)        First Amendment of Lease (Building 5)        
                     dated November 11, 1992.                     46
                     
10.D.8    (1)        Lease Agreement (Building 6) dated July      
                     12, 1991 between Cupertino Gateway           46
                     Partners and the Registrant.
                     
10.D.8-1  (1)        First Amendment of Lease (Building 6)        
                     dated November 11, 1992.                     46
                     
11                   Computation of per share earnings.           68
                     
21                   Subsidiaries of the Company.                 69
                     
23                   Consent of Independent Auditors.             49
                     
24                   Power of Attorney.                           50
                     
27                   Financial Data Schedule.                     70

(1) Incorporated by reference at page indicated.




                             59
<PAGE>





</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>

(EXHIBIT 10.A.7)

FY94 SENIOR / EXECUTIVE BONUS PLAN
UNITED STATES

PURPOSE

The purpose of the Senior/Executive Bonus Plan "The Plan" is to focus the
efforts  of  Senior Management toward predetermined, specific  goals  and
objectives  which  are  of critical importance  to  the  success  of  the
organization.

The program specifically:

- --encourages  participants to achieve outstanding results toward  company
objectives;
- --strengthens the ability of the organization to attract and retain  high
caliber, keymanagement personnel; and
- --provides  a leveraged compensation program that is based on performance
towards  objectives,  with superior performance resulting  in  aggressive
compensation levels.

ELIGIBILITY

- --Chief Executive Officer
- --Vice Presidents
- --Division Presidents
- --Senior Directors
- --General Managers
- --Directors
- --Senior Vice Presidents

Full  year  participants  in  the Senior/Executive  Bonus  Plan  may  not
participate  in  other  bonus plans without the  approval  of  the  Chief
Executive  Officer.  However, nominal gift certificates  and  awards  are
acceptable (less than $500).

BONUS GUIDELINES

Bonus  targets  for  eligible participants in the Senior/Executive  Bonus
plan  will be set individually and expressed as a percent of base  salary
as of 10/1/93 according to salary grade.  If an individual's salary grade
changes  during the year, the bonus target may be adjusted on a  prorated
basis  (see Administrative Procedures).  Bonuses will be calculated after
the  end  of  FY'94 once the financial results have been  finalized.   No
payments will be made before the results are officially announced.

COMPANY PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS

The bonus payout amounts after the close of the fiscal year will be based
on Company Performance Measurements which are:

- --  Corporate Performance Measurements
and
- --  Division Performance Measurements.




                                       60
<PAGE>



CORPORATE PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS

- -Corporate  Performance Measurements will be divided  into  two  segments
measuring  Pretax Operating Profit (PTOP) and Return on Capital  Employed
(ROCE) against plan targets.

- -The  weighting is 60% for PTOP and 40% for ROCE.  Each segment  will  be
measured separately.

- -If  the  threshold is met in each category, it will be multiplied  by  a
percentage  from 45% through 175% depending on Corporate  Performance  in
that area.  If the threshold is not met, there will be no payout for that
performance segment.

- -The  PTOP Segment will measure Pretax Operating Profit dollars  achieved
to Plan.

- -The ROCE Segment will measure the Net Operating Profit After Tax divided
by the Average Capital Employed for the fiscal year as a percent achieved
to target.

- -The details of the payout of each segment are described below.


PTOP SEGMENT                            
                                        
PTOP $'s to PLAN         % Bonus        
%Achievment              Payout

116%                     175%           (Maximum)
115%                     170%           
110%                     145%           
105%                     120%           
100%                     95%            (Plan)
90%                      80%            
80%                      65%            
70%                      50%            
66.67%                   45.5%          (Threshold)
< 66.67%                 0%             
                             

ROCE SEGMENT                            
                                        
ROCE to PLAN             % Bonus        
% Achievment             Payout
115%                     175%           (Maximum)
110%                     150%           
105%                     125%           
100%                     100%           (Plan)
97%                      83.5%          
95%                      72.5%          
93%                      61.5%          
90%                      45%            (Threshold)
< 90%                    0%             
                        

                                       61
<PAGE>

Actual payouts between those shown above will be calculated on any actual
incremental % achievement against plan and will be rounded to two decimal
places.

- -For each segment, when the minimum threshold is reached, a bonus is paid
equal to 45% of the bonus target.

- -For the PTOP segment, when 100% of the target is achieved, a bonus equal
to  95%  of this segment's  target bonus is payable.  At 116% of  target,
the bonus equals 175% of this segment's target bonus.

- -For the ROCE segment, when 100% of the target is achieved, a bonus equal
to  100%  of this segment's target bonus is payable.  At 115% of  target,
the bonus equals 175% of this segment's target bonus.

- -Actual  payouts may, therefore, range from 0% to a maximum of  175%  for
each segment of the target bonus.

- -Any  exceptions to using these performance measurements must be approved
by the Senior Vice President of Human Resources.

Those  Divisions,  Groups and Positions which are measured  on  Corporate
Performance Measurements only are as follows:



                                           Corp Bus.
   Corporate Performance Measurements       Payout

Corp           CEO/SVP      60% PTOP     
Executives     VP/Director  40% ROCE     Total Payout

ATG            VP /         60% PTOP     
               Director     40% ROCE     Total Payout

WWOPS          SVP          60% PTOP     
               VP /         40% ROCE     Total Payout
	       Director

AppleSoft      VP           60% PTOP     
               Funct.       40% ROCE     Total Payout

                                                                   
The  following  specific Performance Measurements will  be  used  by  the
Divisions, Geographies or Markets.

- -- Pretax Operating Profit (PTOP)
- -- Return on Capital Employed (ROCE)
- -- Targeted Day Sales Outstanding (DSO) and Inventory Turns (IT)
- -- Revenue
- --  Units  -The  Units  segment is further defined and  weighted  in  the
following categories:
  --  33% ABS
  --  34% PC Division
  --  33% Imaging

DIVISION PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS

Each  of  the following Divisions will have separate Division Performance
Measurements.   The  weightings and measurements  are  as  shown  in  the
following table.


                                       62
<PAGE>

     Division Performance     Division    Corporate  Total
         Measurements         Bus.Payout  Multiplier Payout
                                  
PC DIV     GM        60% PTOP  Total     x  Yes   = Total
                     40% ROCE  Payout               Bonus
                                                    Payout

           VP /      30% PTOP  Total     x  Yes   = Total
           Director  30% Rev   Payout               Bonus
                     20% Units                      Payout
                     20% ROCE

ABS        GM /      80% PTOP  Total     x  Yes   = Total
           Director  20% ROCE  Payout               Bonus
                                                    Payout

APPLESOFT  GM / VP   80% PTOP  Total     x  Yes   = Total
           Director  20% ROCE  Payout               Bonus
                                                    Payout

PIE        GM / VP   80% PTOP  Total     x  Yes   = Total
           Director  20% ROCE  Payout               Bonus
                                                    Payout
 
Total  Division Business Payout results will be multiplied by a Corporate
Multiplier  (see  The  Corporate Multiplier section for  description)  to
determine the Total Bonus Payout.

GEOGRAPHY / MARKET PERFORMANCE MEASUREMENTS

AUSA  will  have  separate Geography/Market Performance  Measurements  as
indicated in the table below.

The  Performance Measurement for AUSA will be defined and weighted in the
following categories:
- --  30% PTOP
- --  30% Revenue
- --  20%  Units - (Once again, the Units segment  is further defined  and
weighted as follows: 33% ABS, 34% PC Division and 33% Imaging.)
- --  20%  DSO  &  IT  - (The DSO and IT measurement will  be  the  annual
average  of the two measurements percent achieved to Plan.  All  segments
will  measure the appropriate actual results, i.e., dollars, units,  etc.
achieved to Plan.)

Total  Geography/Market Business Payout results will be multiplied  by  a
Corporate   Multiplier   (see  The  Corporate  Multiplier   section   for
description) to determine the Total Bonus Payout.
 

Geography/Market                          Geo/Mkt                  
Performance                               Bus.     Corporate  Total
Measurements      Geography    Market     Payout   Multiplier Bonus
                                          
AUSA   Pres /     30% PTOP                 Total  x   Yes   = Total
       VP Funct/  30%                     Payout              Bonus
       Director   Revenue                                     Payout
                  20% Units
                  20% DSO & IT

       VP                     30% PTOP     Total  x   Yes   = Total
       Sales/                 30%         Payout              Bonus
       Director               Revenue                         Payout
                              20% Units
                              20% DSO &
                              IT
                                                    
                                       63
<PAGE>

DIVISION, GEOGRAPHY AND MARKET MEASUREMENT SEGMENTS

Each  of  the  following segments will be measured  separately.   If  the
threshold  is  met in each category, it will be multiplied  by  a  payout
percentage, up to the maximum payout of 175%, as shown below.

PTOP SEGMENT                            
                                        
PTOP $'s to PLAN         % Bonus        
%Achievment              Payout

116%                     175%           (Maximum)
115%                     170%           
110%                     145%           
105%                     120%           
100%                     95%            (Plan)
90%                      80%            
80%                      65%            
70%                      50%            
66.67%                   45.5%          (Threshold)
< 66.67%                 0%                                      


ROCE SEGMENT                            
                                        
ROCE to PLAN             % Bonus        
% Achievment             Payout

115%                     175%           (Maximum)
110%                     150%           
105%                     125%           
100%                     100%           (Plan)
97%                      83.5%          
95%                      72.5%          
93%                      61.5%          
90%                      45%            (Threshold)
< 90%                    0%             

 REVENUE, UNITS & TARGETED DAYS SALES OUTSTANDING &
               INVENTORY TURN SEGMENTS
                                        
To Plan %                % Bonus        
Achievment               Payout

116%                     175%           (Maximum)
115%                     170%           
110%                     145%           
105%                     120%           
100%                     95%            (Plan)
95%                      70%            
90%                      45%            (Threshold)
< 90%                    0%             

                                    64
<PAGE>

Actual payouts between those shown on the above tables will be calculated
on  any actual incremental % achievement against plan and will be rounded
to two decimal places.

DETAILS OF BONUS DETERMINATION

If  the thresholds are met, the fiscal year-end payout will be calculated
in  each  segment as described above.  If the threshold for a segment  is
not  met,  there  will be no payout for that performance  segment.   Plan
numbers and actual performance will be monitored by World-Wide Planning.

If  for  any  reason,  there is a significant change  in  a  Division  or
Geography/Market's  plan during the plan year, upon joint  recommendation
of  HR  and  WW  Planning and with the approval of  the  Chief  Executive
Officer,  plan  targets  may  be changed or another  alternative  may  be
implemented.

If   for   any   reason,   including  reorganization,   a   Division   or
Geography/Market Performance Measurement is no longer applicable for  the
entire   fiscal  year,  the  Division  or  Geography/Market   Performance
Measurement   may   be   replaced  by  the  next   higher   Division   or
Geography/Market or Corporate Performance Measurement.

THE CORPORATE MULTIPLIER

For  those  participants who are measured on Division or Geography/Market
Performance  Measurements,  the  combined "Division  or  Geography/Market
Performance Measurement" bonus payout results will be multiplied  by  the
"Corporate  Multiplier" to determine final Total Company Bonus  Payments.
The  Corporate Multiplier will be calculated as 60% of the  PTOP  segment
and 40% of the ROCE segment of Corporate performance.  For example:

                PTOP         % Bonus        ROCE             % Bonus
          %  against Plan    Payout    % against Plan         Payout


                105%          120%          100%               100%

Corporate Multiplier =(120% x 60%=72%) plus (100% x 40% =  40%)=112%

In  the aforementioned example, the combined Division or Geography/Market
Performance Measurement bonus payout results are multiplied  by  1.12  to
calculate the final Total Company Bonus Payment.
 
Weighting of Performance Measurements:

For  eligible participants, the financial results used in determining the
Company  Performance measurements are based on the participant's position
and  will  be  either  Corporate  Performance  Measurements  only,  or  a
combination of Division or Geography/Market Performance Measurements with
a  Corporate  Multiplier  as described in the previous  section  of  this
document.   Functional Staff (e.g. Finance, Human Resources,  Information
Systems, etc.) within a Division or Geography/Market will be measured  on
the Division's or Geography's Performance Measurements.

Senior/Executive Bonus Plan Payouts:

Senior/Executive  Bonus plan payouts (less deductions  and  withholdings)
will  be paid during November/December following the end of the plan year
and are paid out of the Senior/Executive Bonus Pool Fund.

There   will  be  no  Senior/Executive  Bonus  Award  payout  on  company
performance  if  there  is  no  Corporate  operating  profit  or  if  the
Corporation has an operating loss.  In this case, the CEO has the  option
to recommend appropriate individual awards to the Board of Directors.


                                       65
<PAGE>

ADMINISTRATIVE PROCEDURES:

The purpose of administrative procedures is to provide for consistency of
administration of the bonus plans.

New Hires, Promotions, and Transfers

An  employee  who is hired, promoted or transferred into  a  position  in
which  he  or  she  is  eligible to become a participant  may  receive  a
prorated award (see Eligibility Proration Criteria section) based on  the
months  in the position, provided that at least three months have elapsed
under  the  plan provisions prior to the end of the plan year.   Eligible
employees who are hired or promoted into a position with less than  three
months  in  the position may be considered for a recognition bonus  under
the Special Bonus Award Program.

Employees  promoted from a position in which they were  participating  in
the  Special Incentive Award Plan will be eligible for a prorated payment
at  the  end  of the plan year based on the number of months  under  that
plan, as well as a prorated award based on the months eligible under  the
Senior/Executive Plan.  Employees promoted from a position in which  they
were not eligible, or were not participating in a Special Incentive Award
Plan,  or  any  other plan, are eligible to be considered for  a  Special
Recognition  bonus  for  those  months  prior  to  eligibility   in   the
Senior/Executive Plan.

Employees promoted or transferred from one eligible position into another
eligible  position will require:  a) a determination  of  whether  a  new
target award should be set; and b) prorated awards based on the number of
months of service in each position during the plan year if the new target
is  different.   Employees who transfer from one eligible position  in  a
division  into  another  eligible position in a  different  division  may
receive a prorated award (see Division Proration Criteria section).

Employees transferred into a position not eligible for participation  may
be  eligible for a prorated payment at the end of the plan year based  on
the  number  of  months worked in the eligible position (see  Eligibility
Proration Criteria section).

The  following example illustrates how an eligible employee who has  been
promoted would have their bonus calculated:
 
 
PROMOTION - BONUS TARGET EXAMPLE
                                            Prorated      New Target 
                                             Target         Amount
10/15/93 Salary             $165,000
Bonus Target%                    30%                              
Bonus Target $               $49,500     $49,500 x 6 mos =  $24,750
                                                   
4/1/94 Promo Salary	    $170,000	 
Bonus Target %                   43%                              
Bonus Target $'s             $73,100     $73,100 x 6 mos =  $36,550

ANNUAL TARGET                                               $61,300

Eligibility Proration Criteria

If  eligibility for participation in the Plan occurs before the  15th  of
the  month,  participants will receive credit for  the  full  month.   If
eligibility for participation in the Plan  occurs on or after the 15th of
the month, participants will receive credit for 1/2 month.


                                       66
<PAGE>

Division Proration Criteria

If  a plan participant is in any one division more than three months, the
division  measurement will be prorated by the number of months  the  plan
participant  was  in  each  division according  to  the  above  Proration
Criteria.  A maximum number of three prorations per fiscal year  will  be
allowed.

If  a plan participant is in any one division less than three months, the
period  of  time  in that division will be added to the new  division  to
which the participant transferred.

Terminations

Plan  participants who voluntarily terminate their employment at any time
during  the plan year are not eligible to receive any award.  If  a  plan
participant terminates after the close of the plan year, but prior to the
actual  distribution  of  the  bonus payout,  such  participant  will  be
eligible  to  receive a bonus plan award according to the terms  of  "The
Plan".   Plan  participants whose employment is terminated by  Apple  may
have their bonus prorated for the time they were participating under  the
plan until their termination date subject to the approval of the Division
President  or  Senior  Vice  President.  Such approval  may  normally  be
withheld  where  the termination is based upon unacceptable  performance,
violation  of  Apple policies, or material misconduct, as  determined  by
Apple.   This  prorated award may be paid at any time  at  the  Company's
discretion, but not later than when other plan participants would receive
payment for that fiscal year.

Disability or Death

Plan  awards will normally be prorated at the end of the plan year  based
on  the  amount  of  time  the employee was an  active  participant  (see
Eligibility  Proration Criteria section).  In the case of a participant's
death,  any  such  award  will be paid to the beneficiary  as  determined
pursuant  to  the  participant's designation  of  beneficiary  under  the
employee's Apple life insurance plan.

Corrective Actions/Disciplinary Situations

If,  during  the applicable bonus period, management has determined  that
corrective action, discipline, or demotion of an employee is appropriate,
during  the bonus plan period or before the bonus has actually been  paid
to  the  employee, management may, in its discretion and in  consultation
with  Human Resources, reduce or eliminate entirely the amount  of  bonus
the  employee would otherwise be eligible to receive.  If, at the time  a
bonus would otherwise be payable, such corrective action, discipline,  or
demotion  is  being  considered, but has not yet  been  implemented,  the
entire  bonus, or any portion of it, may be withheld until a decision  on
such action has been finalized and implemented.

Other Provisions

Participation  in  this  Plan is not an agreement  (express  or  implied)
between  the  Plan  participant and Apple that the  participant  will  be
employed  by  Apple for any specific period of time,  nor  is  there  any
agreement  for continuing or long-term employment.  The Plan  participant
and Apple each have the right to terminate the employment relationship at
any  time  and for any reason.  This at-will employment relationship  can
only  be  modified by an agreement signed by the participant and  Apple's
Senior Vice President of Human Resources.

Any  determination  of performance, payment or other matters  under  this
plan  by  management  and/or the Board of Directors  is  binding  on  all
interested persons.

Apple Computer Inc's obligation to pay out a Senior/Executive Bonus shall
be  unfunded  and all payment of benefits shall be made from the  general
assets of Apple Computer, Inc.  Title to and beneficial ownership of  any
assets  of the 1994 Accrued Senior/Executive Bonus accounts or any  other
assets  which Apple Computer, Inc. may designate to pay bonuses hereunder
shall before payment remain in Apple Computer, Inc.

This summary highlights the principle features of the bonus plan, but  it
does not describe every situation that can occur.

Apple  Computer, Inc. retains the right to interpret, revise,  modify  or
delete the plan at its sole discretion at any time.

                                       67
<PAGE>



</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>


EXHIBIT  11
                                        
                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC.
                                        
                    COMPUTATION OF EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE
                                        
                    (In thousands, except per share amounts)

<TABLE>                                               
<CAPTION>
                                         Fiscal Years Ended

                         September 30,  September 24,  September 25,
                                  1994           1993           1992
<S>                           <C>           <C>             <C>
Primary Earnings Per  Share                                
                                                           
  Earnings                                                 
    Net income applicable      
    to common stock           $310,178       $ 86,589       $530,373
                                                                
  Shares                                                        
    Weighted average number                                    
    of common shares                               
    outstanding                117,808        117,096        119,198
                                                                
    Adjustment for dilutive                                    
    effect of outstanding                           
    stock options                  927          2,029          3,292

  Weighted average number of                                    
  common and common equivalent          
  shares used for
  primary earnings per share   118,735        119,125        122,490
                                                                
  Primary earnings per             
  common share                   $2.61          $0.73          $4.33
                                                                
Fully Diluted Earnings Per                                      
Share
                                                                
  Earnings                                                 
     Net income applicable      
     to common stock          $310,178        $ 86,589       $530,373
                                                                
  Shares                                                        
     Weighted average number                                    
     of common shares                               
     outstanding               117,808         117,096        119,198

                                                                
     Adjustment for dilutive                                    
     effect of outstanding                         
     stock options               1,002            2,174         3,388
                                                                
  Weighted average number of                                    
  common and common equivalent                                                         
  shares used for fully       
  diluted earnings per share   118,810          119,270       122,586
                                                                
  Fully diluted earnings per       
  common share                   $2.61            $0.73         $4.33
                                                                
</TABLE>                                                   


                                       68
<PAGE>


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

                                        
EXHIBIT 21
                                        
                                 SUBSIDIARIES OF
                              APPLE COMPUTER, INC*
                                        
                                        


                                        Jurisdiction of
Name                                    Incorporation
                                        
Ac Real Properties, Inc.                Delaware
Apple Computer B.V.                     Netherlands
Apple Computer France S.A.R.L.          France
Apple Computer, Inc. Limited            Ireland
Apple Computer Limited                  Ireland
Apple Computer (UK) Ltd.                United Kingdom
Apple Japan, Inc.                       Japan
                 



                                       


















 *Pursuant to Item 601(b)(21)(ii) of Regulation S-K, the names of other
 subsidiaries of Apple Computer, Inc. are omitted because, considered in
 the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary as of
 the end of the year covered by this report.
 
 
 


                                       69
<PAGE>


</TEXT>

</DOCUMENT>

<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<DESCRIPTION>ART. 5 FDS FOR FY94 FORM 10-K
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>



<ARTICLE>           5

<MULTIPLIER>                            1,000
                                        
<S>                                     <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                           YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                                        SEP-30-1994
<PERIOD-END>                                             SEP-30-1994
                                        
<CASH>                                                     1,203,488
<SECURITIES>                                                  54,368
<RECEIVABLES>                                              1,672,339
<ALLOWANCES>                                                  90,992
<INVENTORY>                                                1,088,434
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                                           4,476,452
<PP&E>                                                     1,452,188
<DEPRECIATION>                                               785,088
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                             5,302,746
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                                      1,944,305
<BONDS>                                                      304,472
<COMMON>                                                     297,929
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                              0
<PREFERRED>                                                        0
<OTHER-SE>                                                 2,085,372
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                               5,302,746
                                                                    
<SALES>                                                    9,188,748
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                                           9,188,748
<CGS>                                                      6,844,915
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                              6,844,915
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                                           1,821,559
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                                   0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                                            39,653
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                              500,286
<INCOME-TAX>                                                 190,108
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                                          310,178
<DISCONTINUED>                                                     0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                                    0
<CHANGES>                                                          0
<NET-INCOME>                                                 310,178
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                                   2.61
<EPS-DILUTED>                                                   2.61
        
                                       
                                       
                                    


</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</IMS-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
